---
layout:     post
title:      2019-05-28-（5-8月）雅思口语part2话题卡
subtitle:   物品类
date:       2019-05-28
author:     DL
header-img: img/home-bg-o.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 雅思
---

### 1. Describe something you do to help you study or work

**(1)what**

&emsp;&emsp;Something I do to help me study or work is actually to do meditation. I think it’s the best way to empty your mind and to decompress. Meditation is a kind of technique that I could use to focus my mind on certain things. I think it is similar to yoga.

&emsp;&emsp;There was a meditation camp held last year in my city, so I joined that camp and learned how to do meditation.

&emsp;&emsp;Now, I do meditation almost everyday, once before bed and once when I get up. It won’t take me long, about 5 to 10 minutes is enough. I downloaded an app so it’s quite simple for me that I just need to sit tight and follow the instructions. 

**(2)Why interesting**

&emsp;&emsp;So far, I have found this method to be very effective and can help me train my attentions. I need to keep my mind clear coz I have lots of work to do everyday and I don't want to be easily distracted. In the morning after the meditation I would feel more energetic; at night before bed if I feel anxious, this’s also a good way to calm myself down. So,I will definitely keep using this way to improve the quality of my life in the future.

---

### 2. Describe a healthy lifestyle you know

**（1）How know and what**

&emsp;&emsp;The healthy lifestyle I am going to tell you is early to bed and early to rise.I do not remember when and where I first heard about this saying.But my parents keep repeating it recently and hope I can follow their advice.They believe staying up late has a negative impact on health and can cause various disease.

&emsp;&emsp;According to my parents，one had better go to bed before 11 o'clock in the evening and get up at about 7 o'clock in the morning.Even if you cannot fall asleep immediately，closing your eyes and lying on the bed is better than doing other things.This is in chord with a person's internal clock，and thus good for health.

**（2）What would do**

&emsp;&emsp;To do this，a person needs to be highly organized.In the evening，he must resist the lure of smartphone，games，and TV series.When the time comes，he is able to put them aside at once and empty his mind.In the morning，he needs to have the courage to say goodbye to the warm bed and welcome the chilly morning.

**（3）Why healthy**

&emsp;&emsp;But this lifestyle does have many benefits.I used to insist it for two months.I felt my memory got better，mind got sharper and sleep got sounder.Diseases like cold had stayed away.

---

### 3. Describe a historical period that you are interested in

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;The historical period that I found particularly interesting is the Opium War, it’s also called the trade war. 

**(2)How know**

&emsp;&emsp;I learned about this history in high school, it’s part of the contemporary Chinese history course. Few years later I also watched a documentary about this war so it actually aroused my interests in this period of time.

**(3)What happened**

&emsp;&emsp;The period of history happened in the mid-19th century and the fight was between the Qing government and the British. Basically, the British forced to open Chinese trade market by smuggling opiums in, and then started the war. It didn’t end well for the Qing’s government—they signed up treaties to sell lands (gave Hong Kong the UK); people got addicted into smoking opiums, and the economy status of China had fallen far behind. 

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;In the future I think I’d like to know more about this history, especially in how the British view this period. Coz I think history should be independent and non-biased, so I quite like to see it from a British viewpoint that how would they evaluate the war. 
Also if possible I’d like to go see the opium war museum in Guangdong. To see the canons that’s been used in the war, and to pay tribute to the hero that contributed to the country. 

---

### 4. Describe something lost by others but found by you

**(1)when and who**

&emsp;&emsp;I’d like to talk about the time when I found the school ID card lost by my classmate. It happened in the last semester. That day I planned to make a revision of my homework so I went to the library. When I sat down at the table, I found that there was a student ID card left on the desk. School ID card is really important for everyone coz without it, you will not be able to enter the library or the dorm. So I thought the person who lost it must be very upset.

**(2)How find**

&emsp;&emsp;Luckily, basic information of the student was recorded on the card, so it was easy to know who was the owner. I took a photo of the card and then posted it on the website attached with my phone number. And after about half an hour, the owner contacted me. At last, the card was back to her successfully.

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;As for how I felt about this experience, well, first of all I was quite delighted. The owner was so excited when receiving the card. You know the feeling of helping others and seeing smile appearing on her face is really beyond description. What’s more, I found out that life nowadays is far more convenient than before because of the development of modern technology. I guess it might take at least a week to find the owner in the past, but now it only takes half an hour.

---

### 5. Describe an outdoor sport you played for the first time

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;One of the outdoor sports I played for the first time was snorkeling when I was abroad for traveling.

**（2）When and who**

&emsp;&emsp;I remember it was the time after graduation that I went to Phuket Island in Thailand with my classmates for vocation.I got to know about this sport from our tour guide.

&emsp;&emsp;Snorkeling is kind of a practice for real swimming in the sea.In order to make sure that everyone of us could swim in the sea and nobody would accidentally get injured because of lack of practice，our tour guide gave us a roughly two-hour training in a huge swimming pool on that small island.

**（3）How**

&emsp;&emsp;To snorkel，you have to be equipped with a kind of diving mask with a long tube that enables you to breathe the air in the water.Honestly，I was a little scared because I seldom swam before，not to mention diving in the water just with a help of a tube.You know，my tour guide was extremely nice.He helped me conquer the fear by teaching me how to snorkel step by step.Then，I followed his advice to practice every single step time and time again.It took me almost the entire two hours to master it.I felt it's really worthwhile and I really appreciate his guidance.

**（4）Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，I think snorkeling was not that really hard after I learned how to let go our inner fear.From that on，snorkeling has been one of my favorite outdoor sports in my life.

---

### 6. Describe a piece of good news you heard (from TV or the Internet)

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;Speaking of good news I’ve read lately, I would like to talk about a new traffic law that has been carried out in China. Like in most countries, in China there’s the trafﬁc law, the newly updated version brought bigger beneﬁts to the society. 

**（2）When**

&emsp;&emsp;The new trafﬁc law was adapted last year, I think…which gives harsher punishment to people who does drunken driving—their license will be revoked immediately, and they could even face criminal charges. 

**（3）Where**

&emsp;&emsp;I knew about this law was because I have been preparing for the driving license test. I think anyone living in China can be affected by this law, not only the drivers but also the pedestrians on the roads.  

**（3）Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The biggest reason that I would consider it to be a good news is that it sends out a clear message that DUI is intolerable in China. I remember in the past before the law wasn’t so complete there were people take chances on after they drink. It caused numerous amounts of trafﬁc accidents every year. I think this behavior was quite irresponsible both to themselves and to other people.

---

### 7. Describe a kind of food people eat during a special event

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;The occasion I tried a special food was the time I had a welsh cake. 

**(2)How and why**

&emsp;&emsp;Last month was my birthday, so I held a birthday party and invited a lot of friends. Some of them brought other people to the party and one of the friend is a Welsh girl. She brought a box of homemade Welsh cake to the party. That was the ﬁrst time I have ever tried a welsh cake. 

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;The reason that I think this welsh cake is quite special is because of its taste. It tastes like a scone, but she added cinnamon and raisins into it, so it makes the ﬂavor a bit more complicated. Apart that, the texture of this Welsh cake is very creamy. The cake just melted in my mouth when I took the first bite. It’s such a perfect match with a cup of English tea. Another reason I think it’s special is because it’s homemade. Baking cakes for me is too energy wasting and almost impossible to ﬁnish. You know，I was pretty thankful that my friend sent me this cake as a gift.

---

### 8. Describe a subject you used to dislike but now have interest in

**(1)What and why dislike**

&emsp;&emsp;Speaking the subject I didn’t like before but have interest in now, I’d like to say English. I least favourite this subject when I was in primary school. Back then, I got a bad score in one English test, and my English teacher, Mrs Zhang, was angry with me. That afternoon, she told me that I had no talent in English, and she announced this thing in front of my classmates, which made me very ashamed. From that time on, I somehow couldn' t pick up my interest in English. It might be the reason that my English teacher was extremely harsh to me, which was quite discouraging and made me feel sick about learning English.

**(2)What and why interested**

&emsp;&emsp;But now, I am more and more interested in English. I think the main reason why I become interested in this subject is that I have realized the power of this language. First of all, I think English is very important in modern society, it just like a communication bridge. For example, I can hear English no matter where I am，and if I want to talk with other people who were not Chinese, I would use English to let them understand me. It is really convenient. On the other hand, I would like to study abroad. The school that I wanna go to ask me to offer an IELTS score. So I have to learn it well. I think this is the main reason why I am interested in English now.

---

### 9. Describe an item you bought but do not often use

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;Speaking of something I bought but don’t use often, I’d like to tell you about my coffee maker.

**(2)When and where**

&emsp;&emsp;I can’t really remember the exact time, I think I got it from a shopping mall a few months ago when I was waiting for my friend there, the salesman made a really good speech about it.

**(3)Why bought**

&emsp;&emsp;The reason why I bought this machine is pretty straightforward—I love drinking coffee. I have to drink at least two cups of coffee everyday so I thought with this machine at home I could save some money by making coffee on my own.  

**(4)Why didn't use**

&emsp;&emsp;However, I didn’t anticipate that this expensive machine is going to sit there and eat dust on my shelf. The biggest reason is that it takes me ages to make one coffee. It’s a semi-automatic machine so that I have to grind the coffee beans, switch the button under the device, and set the temperature all by myself! Not mentioning I have to clean the machine after making a coffee. I usually make coffee in the morning so there’s absolutely no way I can make it on time. 

&emsp;&emsp;The other reason is that the taste is not even that good. I tried many times, even changed different coffee beans but the feeling is still unsatisfying. I think I can get much better coffee at Starbucks. So that’s the reason why I don’t use this machine often. 

---

### 10. Describe an advertisement you remember well

&emsp;&emsp;The advertisement that left me a deep impression was a realtor website commercial.

&emsp;&emsp;The ﬁrst time I saw it was on TV in-between a TV series I was watching. It immediately caught my eye so I didn’t switch to other channels. 

&emsp;&emsp;I remember the commercial started with a guy standing alone on top of a mountain, seemed like he’s doing meditation. With the music suddenly changed and the camera pulled closer this person’s actually setting his neighbours on silent mode on a remote. Their slogan was something like dream houses are everywhere. 

&emsp;&emsp;I like the idea they were promoting so I downloaded their apps immediately. It turned out to be quite a useful website, with no messy commercials; all the functions are clear and humanely designed. People can even pick the type of neighbours they want to live with on this website. 

&emsp;&emsp;This commercial attracted me because of the creative content of this ad. Usually, those renting website advertisements are quite toxic, like they would repeat their slogans again and again, it’s dull and irritating. But this one has some original thoughts put into it so it looked unique. 

&emsp;&emsp;The other reason I remember this ad is because they've broadcasted on every channel, not only on TV but also on all the mainstream online platforms, even on social media apps. So with all the reptition I guess i could not forget about the website. 

---

### 11. Describe something special that you took home from a tourist attraction

&emsp;&emsp;The thing I brought from a trip was a little dragon statue.

&emsp;&emsp;This dragon statue is made from jade, it’s a quite small one with only the handful size, so I can put it in my purse and carry it with me. It's been carved vividly if you take a closer look you can even see the dragon's eyes. 

&emsp;&emsp;I got it during a family trip a few years ago, and I’ve been carrying it with me ever since.

&emsp;&emsp;I found it in a small shop near a temple where lots of people go there praying for good luck. I browsed around and found this statue particularly charming, so I bought it without a second thought. 

&emsp;&emsp;The reason I think this statue is unique is that it’s my Zodiac animal. In the Chinese tradition, it brings people luck if you wear something to do with your year of the animal, and this one is in high quality so it also a delicate art piece to keep. 

&emsp;&emsp;Besides that this statue leaves me a good memory of the family trip. The city is famous for handcraft, and more importantly, it’s a family trip so there were lots of interesting things happened along the way. I suppose buying a souvenir is a way of keeping the memory. 

---

### 12. Describe a game show or a quiz program you watched on TV or online

&emsp;&emsp;I am going to talk about a famous scientific reality and talent show : The Brain in China. Before I heard this show, I'd say I lost the interest of TV programs, as I couldn't stand the artificial sound effects made by the producers and the endless advertisement showed during the program. However, when I watched the show at my friend's home, I found some of enjoyable feeling of it. 

&emsp;&emsp;My friend told me the show was originated from Germany, gathering some genius, aka people with exceptional brainpower together, for example, the episode I watched firstly was a competition to see who was better at recognizing faces, man or machine. You know, I thought it was totally crazy , when I saw a man who tried to identify a specific glass of water out of  over 500 identical ones.Water？What？ What was surprising was , the guy did it.

&emsp;&emsp;After that ,I watched this weird and interesting show almost every week and I even didn't figure out why I had to watch it, I just followed an inspiration in my mind 'come on , life is tedious,  see some cranks today, it will be funny' . Also, I didn't realize how much I liked the show, I followed the weibo account of some players, I paid much attention on reading the analysis of the show, and I waited it on time on every Saturday evening.

&emsp;&emsp;Now, if you ask me the reason why I was keen on watching the show, I still can't give you some precise reasons, may be this show helped me escape from some boring reality shows and showed me so many interesting guys that I couldn't find in my real life, who doesn't like brilliant ones? 

---

### 13. Describe a prize you want to win

&emsp;&emsp;I would like to win the championship along with my teammates in the competition of the Chinese University challenge. 

&emsp;&emsp;Every year each university would assemble a team to join the competition, students would be selected from different majors like science, history, or literature as the questions they’re facing would be ranging from all ﬁelds of knowledge. Every competition goes live on national television. The winner team would be rewarded handsomely with money, material things, even better, they would get the chance to work in some top headed companies in China. 

&emsp;&emsp;The rule is simple, teams work together to answer questions, and there’s a debate at the ﬁnal round. Whoever ring the buzzers ﬁrst get the chance to answer the question. If the answer is correct, this team could win a point; if it’s wronged the opponent get one point. 

&emsp;&emsp;I’m a student majoring in science and I think I could be a valuable member to the team. I’ve watched every episode of the competition online so I know the rules well, most of the questions are in my knowledge range so giving me enough time to prepare I would be happy to take the challenge.

---

### 14. Describe a piece of clothing you enjoy wearing

&emsp;&emsp;A piece of clothing I'm keen on wearing is actually a woolen jacket that I bought at Fudan University.

&emsp;&emsp;Last fall，I went to Fudan with my school team for a science competition there.When we finished the event，we were guided to the store and I found this blue woolen hoodie with a Fudan LOGO.

&emsp;&emsp;Honestly，I didn't plan to buy some souvenirs there.But，the weather was getting colder at that time，I had to buy a piece of heavy clothing to keep warm.So，this black woolen jacket drew my attention.I picked it up and touched it to make sure it'sheavy enough.After I tried it on in the fitting room，I checked it out at the counter without any hesitation.Fun fact was that I almost wore it every day while I was in Shanghai even when it's getting dirty. Now，I still wear it quite often.

&emsp;&emsp;Well，the reason why I enjoy wearing it is that this jacket is comfortable and helps me keep warm during a cold day in the fall. Plus，its LOGO makes this jacket somewhat meaningful，you know，at least it helps me keep the precious memory of my days at Fudan.
