---
layout:     post
title:      2019-05-20-（5-8月）雅思口语part2话题卡
subtitle:   人物类
date:       2019-05-20
author:     DL
header-img: img/home-bg-o.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 雅思
---

### 1. Describe someone you would like to study or work with

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;Someone I want to work with is Zhenghao，who was my classmate and still is one of my intimate friends in college.


**(2)Whether**

&emsp;&emsp;We have worked together once in college.It's been quite a while but I still remember we were having a group work for a robotic project in our school.You know，the work was not very easy at all，and it required a lot of effort and time.I got very depressed at that time，and even wanted to give up.He often came to me to do some favor for me as much as he could and was always the first one to encourage me to carry on.You know，things went better then，and we ended up getting things done，and I always appreciated his timely help.

**(3)What and why**

&emsp;&emsp;He's been concentrating on computer science for a couple of years and is about to finish his graduate program in science.I am now running my own non-profit organization about Bioinformatics，and I really hope he could join me for the technological part.His specialty in technology would help make the organization more effective in working.

---

### 2. Describe a person you want to be similar to when you grow up

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;The person I am going to tell you is Uncle Li, my father's best friend. They were born in the same village and went to the same primary school, secondary school, and high school. After graduation, my father chose to further his education at the university, while my uncle chose to answer the call to join the army.

**(2)When**

&emsp;&emsp;The first time I met him was at my home, when I was 8 years old. Then, he just retired from the military and came back. Since they had not met for almost 10 years, my father was quite excited. Instead of going to a restaurant, he got up early, bought some vegetables and meat, and made dinner by himself.

**(3)What did**

&emsp;&emsp;Uncle Li was a medium-sized man, not very strong, but looked really robust. He told me the tough training he had gone through, the friendship he had formed with his colleagues, and the conflict he had participated. His arm was injured in the battlefield. But he said he did not regret. Someone had to stand up to protect our country.

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;I was deeply touched and inspired.Being a soldier was so cool in the eyes of an-8-year-old boy.I made a resolution that I would also join the army and fight against the enemies whenI grew up.

---

### 3. Describe a person who does something to help protect the environment

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;The environmentally friendly person I am going to tell you is my grandma.She is already 80 years old，but quite healthy.Every morning after breakfast，she takes a walk in a park nearby，which usually lasts an hour.In the evening，she would sit in front of the house and chat with other old ladies.

**(2)What**

&emsp;&emsp;The way she protects the environment is quite simple.She insists to bring her own cloth bag to the supermarket to buy some vegetables on her way home from the walk so that she will not need the plastic bags.A year ago，she did not do that.She loved to use the plastic bags because they are light and convenient.But when I told her that plastic bags are almost impossible to dissolve in nature and can kill animals when they accidentally eat them，her behavior changed.Now，wherever she goes，she will take her cloth bag.

**(3)How difficult**

&emsp;&emsp;Giving up plastic bags and using a cloth bag instead is quite an easy way to protect the environment，but insistence is another thing.Even though we know how harmful plastic is to the environment，sometimes we would still use it because of its convenience.

**(4)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;That is why I admire my grandma.She never forges to bring her cloth bag.If everybody behaves like her，I believe our environmental issue will be significantly alleviated in a short time.

---

### 4. Describe an old person who is interesting

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;An interesting old people I would like to talk about is my grandfather, who is in his early 70s, with medium height.

&emsp;&emsp;My gradpa is a kidult. It's interesting to note that he likes playing computer games. Two years ago,a computer game called "Plants vs Zombies" was famous around the world, and I was also absorbed in it.

**(2)What**

&emsp;&emsp;Everytime when I played this game, he always stood by me and watched my playing. Little by little, my dear grandpa got it, and he could even pass some levels that I always failed to do. It was quite funny for me to see an old man having such talent in playing computer games!

&emsp;&emsp;On top of that，my grandfather is good at telling bad jokes. However，half way of a joke，he couldn't help laughing，always leaving us confused. His humor is very low，this is actually what we laugh after a joke has been told.

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;It's obvious that my grandpa is optimistic with a great sense of humor.Whenever I am confronted with obstacles and challenges，he can always cheer me up.He always says to me，"No matter what happens，laughter is the best remedy. 

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather gives us a lot of joy and has a profound influence on my personal development.I wish him good health.

---

### 5. Describe an intelligent person you know

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;The person I am going to tell you is Stephen Hawking，a world-renowned scientist.He was an English theoretical physicist，cosmologist，and author.He was also the director of a research department and the professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge.

**(2)How old**

&emsp;&emsp;When he was 21 years old，he was diagnosed with motor neuron disease，which affects and causes the deaths of neurons.At first，the doctor predicted that he could only live for another two years.But he kept fighting and did not die until 2018 when he was 76 years old.

**(3)What and why**

&emsp;&emsp;Stephen Hawking had done profound work in physics，especially in the theories about the universe and the-black hole.Due to my limitation of knowledge，I could not understand his various researches and conclusions，but from the reports on the newspapers and comments of other scientists，I know he made a great contribution to the development of cutting-edge physical theories.

---

### 6. Describe your grandparent's job

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather is a chef, working at the most historical hotel in our city. It used to be quite prestigious. Whenever there was a celebrity or a high-rank government official came to my city, this hotel would be his first choice. With time passing by, the hotel's status has declined, but it is still among the top players.

**(2)How long**

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather has been a cook for more than 40 years.At first，he was only allowed to stand aside，pass on the kitchen wares，and wash them after a day's work.Gradually he gained the right to prepare ingredients，like chopping vegetables，slicing meat，and peeling potatoes.After 5 years，he could finally cook food by himself.And now，he is the king of the kitchen.Everybody has to follow his command and make dishes under his instructions.

**(2)How got**

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather chose this job quite accidentally.When he was a child，everything was scarce，especially food.He was always hungry.So he wanted to do some job that could fill his stomach.And he found that even in the most difficult years，cooks could still feed their family. So he went to the hotel and became a kitchen assistant.

**(3)Whether**

&emsp;&emsp;Although I love cooking for my parents and girlfriend，being a cook has never been on my list.It is quite physically demanding.You have to stand in front of a cooker for hours and kept swinging the scoop.I do not think I am fit enough to manage that.

---

### 7. Describe a person you have seen who is beautiful or handsome

**(1)Who,when and where**

&emsp;&emsp;A beautiful girl I’d like to describe is Jenny, my classmate in high school. 
I met Jenny the ﬁrst day in high school, the teacher signed her up with me so we sat together for three years. Soon after we became good friends.  

**(2)What personnality**

&emsp;&emsp;Jenny is not tall as a cat-walk model but you would feel her beauty from a distance— she liked doing exercise so she’s quite ﬁt; she has a long neck like a swan; her hair is so smooth when you look at it under the sun it feels like it’s shining. When she puts her hair on one shoulder it feels like a person come out from a traditional Chinese ink painting. 

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The reason that I think Jenny is so stunning and attractive is because of her appearance. In high school everyone had to wear the school uniform, and makeups were certainly not allowed. But Jenny was still looked out standing without all those decorations. When she smiles at you, you would feel your heart is smitten with that smile. I think lots of boy had crushes on her at the time.  

---

### 8. Describe someone you have not seen before but you would like to know more

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;The person I am going to tell you is a student at my university.We are doing the same degree in the same department.But because he is one grade below me，we have never taken the same class and I have never met him before.

**(2)How**

&emsp;&emsp;I knew him from the newsletter sent by my school.It said Zhenghao，his name，decided to answer the call from the country and suspend his study to join the army for two years.There were 9 individuals who made the same choice but he was the only one in my department.

**(3)What**

&emsp;&emsp;I was quite curious why he did that.Being a soldier was not an easy thing in China.You had to undertake heavy training，obey the orders without hesitation and go through a lot of physical exercises.All of these are quite different from the relaxed atmosphere in university. So I want to know his motivation.

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;But at the same time,I admire him. It is soldiers who protect us from attack and save us from various natural disasters. They are the most adorable people in China.I want to be his friend and show my respect. That is why I want to know more about him.

### 9. Describe someone/a person who speaks a foreign language well

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，a person who speaks a good foreign language is my grandfather who knows much about Russian.

**(2)What kind**

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather was a soldier in the early People's Republic of China.He learned Russian during his service in the army.You know he was a military reporter and needed to translate the news from Russia.To my surprise，he didn't seem to have got his Russian language training in a professional school like what we do nowadays but rather taught himself，which was quite amazing for me.

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather told me that the biggest motivation for him to learn Russian wasn't the income or something like that.It was purely because he really wanted to bring as much information as possible from Russia to China so that our country could have more opportunities to develop.You know he was being quite patriotic.

**(4)Explain Why**

&emsp;&emsp;Well, one of the reasons why I think he speaks so good Russian is that he has the determination of learning the language well. You know he is never afraid of losing motivation when failures come. Also,I think he always had an interest in knowing something about languages. That interest also gives him the momentum of delving deeper into this language.

---

### 10. Describe a person who often helps others

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，a person who often gives a hand to others that I would like to say is actually Zhenghao，who is a fellow student of mine in college.

**(2)how often**

&emsp;&emsp;Zhenghao is a super kind person who often does a favor to anyone he meets on campus and even in life.This often makes me feel like he is a living Leifeng，making contributions to others while expecting no rewards.

**(3)how help**

&emsp;&emsp;Zhenghao and I are both students majoring in Computer Sciences which is actually not that easy for me to grasp.You know he was always the first guy who helped me out in my learning curve.I clearly remember there was a time that he even burnt the midnight oil helping me to make up for the lesson that I missed after I had finished my sick leave，which made me so touched.

**(4)why help**

&emsp;&emsp;Well,I think the reason why Zhenghao is always ready to help others is that he has a pretty good philosophy that guides him to be kind and generous to people. He believes that to help people is to help himself, which I strongly agree with.

**(5)feel**

&emsp;&emsp;I feel truly grateful for having a friend like this, and he is definitely the kindest person I have met in college.

---

### 11. Describe a person who encouraged and helped you to achieve a goal

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;A person who encouraged and helped me to reach a goal is Zhenghao，who is my older brother.

&emsp;&emsp;Zhenghao is eight years older than me.He is now working in Jingdong，which is one of the biggest corporations in China.He is hardworking and always makes people feel that he is energetic every day even though there's much workload for him.

**(2)What**

&emsp;&emsp;My brother has always been my first mentor in my life since the first day I got into elementary school.As he is eight years older than me，he could give me some useful tips and detailed guidance on schooling and life perspectives，which I feel grateful.

**(3)How**

&emsp;&emsp;I remember there was a time when I was preparing for the Gaokao，which is the college entrance examination in China. My goal was to nail it so that I could get into an ideal college. You know，math was the most difficult subject for me.I just somehow couldn't figure out the questions.Since he has been through this，he constantly consoled me and gave me instructions as much as he could.He kept telling me that‘what doesn't kill you makes you stronger'.You know what，that sentence made me feel motivated.With this belief，I eventually got good scores in that crucial exam during my life and was admitted to my ideal college.

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The reason why I felt his encouragement worked was that my brother was a role model for me.You know，although he was not in the same situation，the same core essence of not giving up enabled me to carry on.

---

### 12. Describe your favorite singer or band

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;Well, one of my favorite singers that I would like to talk about is Adam Lambert, who is an American pop song singer.

&emsp;&emsp;Adam Lambert，as you probably know，was the runner-up in the 2009 American Idol，which was the most popular singing TV talent show in the U.S or even around the world during that year.

**(2)What personality**

&emsp;&emsp;I probably knew him from the very first episode of the TV show.At that time，he had a very easy-going personality while talking to the host，friends and the judges.He sang pretty well，and literally rocked the studio.You know，even though he has won immense praise from both the judges and the audiences，he was always being humble and willing to try new styles in singing and stage performance.

**(2)What style**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，I feel that he has his unique way of singing，sort of a combination of the opera genre with a pop song style.Most of his songs in the earlier series of the competition were about opera style，partly because he was an active singer in the opera while he was a child.

**(2)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;I think one of the reasons why he is the singer that I'm quite keen on is that he has the singing talent that almost nobody has in the entertainment circle.You know he has such a beautiful and wide range of vocal sounds，which is amazing to listen to.Also，I like his personality，you know he never cares much about other people's unreasonable criticism and always sticks to his passion.I wish I could attend his concert in the future.

---

### 13. Describe a foreign celebrity you want to meet in person

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;A foreign celebrity I would like to meet in person is Tom Hanks，who is a very well-known American actor.

**(2)How know**

&emsp;&emsp;I grew up watching his movie Forrest Gump，in which he was acting as a slow-witted man.I would never forget that classic quote of the movie，"life is like a box of chocolate，you never know what you're gonna get."It was during that period of time that I started to know more about him.

**(3)What does**

&emsp;&emsp;He is a very hardworking actor even though his fame has spread to different countries.I remember I've watched a video on Youtube about his interview in Italy.At that time，he was quite busy preparing for the movie Inferno，which was a thriller.Despite being quite engaged with the heavy workload there，he was still willing to take the interview and managed to show his charming personality in front of the audiences，which was quite admiring for me.

&emsp;&emsp;He's now still putting himself into the movie industry relentlessly and is being very low-key.You know，I hardly see much of his exposure to the media recently.

**(4)Why meet**

&emsp;&emsp;The reason why I desire to meet him in person is that he has been my role model for years since my childhood.It will be great if I could meet the actual man behind the scenes and get more positive energy from maybe chatting a little bit with him.

---

### 14. Describe a person who has interesting ideas or opinions


**(1)Who and how know**

&emsp;&emsp;So I’m going to talk about my father's friend, uncle Li. Uncle Li is a chef in Yangzhou,  he’s invented the modern and innovative way to cook Chinese food. Currently he owns a little restaurant named "The Cats", and he’s producing his own cookery TV show on Douyin. 

**(2)What does**

&emsp;&emsp;Uncle Li’s very passionate about his job, he loves every step of it-- preparing, cooking and serving food, and designing his own menus. I think Uncle Li makes the greatest food in Yangzhou! You know the restaurant he works in? Customers sent back only compliments. 

&emsp;&emsp;I think the secret to his success is his interesting ideas. He always comes up with very original concepts in his restaurants – not just for the menu – but for the theme and even the way that the food is served – he is always quite innovative and of course his restaurants attract a lot of customers.

&emsp;&emsp;I can give you an example – his restaurant called the ‘The Cats’ and the theme was of course cats and a lot of the dishes contained cat. But he didn’t stop there – he also sold cat souvenirs in the restaurant.

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;I think his ideas are interesting because he’s always willing to try something new and his instincts are usually right.

---

### 15. Describe a person who made you laugh happily when you were a child

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;Zhenghao is my best friend since childhood, we’ve kept this friendship for over 20 years now. I have to say, Zhenghao is the most humorous and dramatic person I’ve ever seen and he’s the only one who can cheer me up when I’m feeling down. 

&emsp;&emsp;I ﬁrst met him in my neighbourhood as his parents moved to my hometown for the new job. We became friends right away as I saw him reading the same comic book.

**(2)What did, why**

&emsp;&emsp;Zhenghao loves making jokes. Even when we were in primary school he always acted like a comic star in the crowd. He’s sensitive to the things happening in life so that he could turn them into jokes. Listening to his jokes was like listening to a small talk show. 

&emsp;&emsp;The other thing Zhenghao liked doing in school was imitating people. For example, after school, he  loved imitating the teacher secretly—doing the accent and the way the teacher walked. It’s slightly offensive but hilarious to watch. 

**(3)feel**

&emsp;&emsp;When I was feeling down or meet any troubles in life, Zhenghao’s the ﬁrst one I would talk. He knew how to cheer me up and always made me laugh happily.

---

### 16. Describe a time a child made you laugh

**(1)When, where and who**

&emsp;&emsp;Ok right then, well the time I’m going to talk to you about was when my cousin, Zenghao, who was only, like, six years’ old, did something that really made me laugh. 

&emsp;&emsp;I remember that night I felt down in the dumps coz I didn't get a good score at my English test. Zhenghao realized it and wanted to cheer me up. 

&emsp;&emsp;In the evening that day, I was sitting in my home listening to music when Zhenghao walked up and started to sing Beyonce’s “Single ladies” and dance around the house. He was so cute that everyone else in my home just burst out laughing because none of us expected him to do that. You know, it was completely out of the blue.

**(2)why laugh**

&emsp;&emsp;I guess he must have just watched the music video and picked it up. And, what also made it so funny was the fact that he danced exactly the same way an adult would, you know, with the feeling and rhythm and everything! So it was incredibly funny, and even he laughed after seeing our reaction!

&emsp;&emsp;When I was feeling down or meet any troubles in life, my little cousin can always make me laugh happily and cheer me up.
