---
layout:     post
title:      2019-03-12-雅思口语part2话题卡
subtitle:   人物类
date:       2019-03-12
author:     DL
header-img: img/home-bg-o.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 雅思
---

### 1. Describe someone you have not seen before but you would like to know more 

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;The person I am going to tell you is a student at my university.We are doing the same degree in the same department.But because he is one grade below me，we have never taken the same class and I have never met him before.

**(2)How**

&emsp;&emsp;I knew him from the newsletter sent by my school.It said Zhenghao，his name，decided to answer the call from the country and suspend his study to join the army for two years.There were 9 individuals who made the same choice but he was the only one in my department.

**(3)What**

&emsp;&emsp;I was quite curious why he did that.Being a soldier was not an easy thing in China.You had to undertake heavy training，obey the orders without hesitation and go through a lot of physical exercises.All of these are quite different from the relaxed atmosphere in university..
So I want to know his motivation.

### 2. Describe a teenager you know

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;The teenager I am going to tell you is my cousin，whose name is Zhenghao.He is 17 years old and over 190 centimeters，which makes me feel like a dwarf when standing beside him.He is a senior high school student and is preparing for the university entrance exam next year.

**(2)How**

&emsp;&emsp;Although he is my cousin，I did not meet him until this Spring Festival.He and his parents live in Beijing，the capital city of China，thousands of miles away from here，and they rarely come back.But this year is my grandpa's 80th birthday，which is a very important event in Chinese culture，so they set aside their work and returned to their hometown.That was when I saw my cousin and we soon got familiar with each other.

**(3)What**

&emsp;&emsp;I should say we have a wonderful time together.We were both addicted to a cell phone game called Wangzherongyao，where you team up with four other players and try to destroy the base of the other side.I had to admit he is a pro.Under his guidance，we had never been defeated，which was unbelievable.We were indulged in the feelings of victory and sometimes even forgot to eat.

**(4)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;It is a pity he had to return to Beijing after the summer vacation.I am sure I will miss him.
But luckily，we can still play the game together.

### 3. Describe a person who does something to help protect the environment

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;The environmentally friendly person I am going to tell you is my grandma.She is already 80 years old，but quite healthy.Every morning after breakfast，she takes a walk in a park nearby，which usually lasts an hour.In the evening，she would sit in front of the house and chat with other old ladies.

**(2)What**

&emsp;&emsp;The way she protects the environment is quite simple.She insists to bring her own cloth bag to the supermarket to buy some vegetables on her way home from the walk so that she will not need the plastic bags.A year ago，she did not do that.She loved to use the plastic bags because they are light and convenient.But when I told her that plastic bags are almost impossible to dissolve in nature and can kill animals when they accidentally eat them，her behavior changed.Now，wherever she goes，she will take her cloth bag.

**(3)How difficult**

&emsp;&emsp;Giving up plastic bags and using a cloth bag instead is quite an easy way to protect the environment，but insistence is another thing.Even though we know how harmful plastic is to the environment，sometimes we would still use it because of its convenience.

**(4)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;That is why I admire my grandma.She never forges to bring her cloth bag.If everybody behaves like her，I believe our environmental issue will be significantly alleviated in a short time.

### 4. Describe someone you would like to study or work with

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;Someone I want to work with is Zhenghao，who was my classmate and still is one of my intimate friends in college.


**(2)Whether**

&emsp;&emsp;We have worked together once in college.It's been quite a while but I still remember we were having a group work for a robotic project in our school.You know，the work was not very easy at all，and it required a lot of effort and time.I got very depressed at that time，and even wanted to give up.He often came to me to do some favor for me as much as he could and was always the first one to encourage me to carry on.You know，things went better then，and we ended up getting things done，and I always appreciated his timely help.

**(3)What and why**

&emsp;&emsp;He's been concentrating on computer science for a couple of years and is about to finish his graduate program in science.I am now running my own non-profit organization about Bioinformatics，and I really hope he could join me for the technological part.His specialty in technology would help make the organization more effective in working.

### 5. Describe an intelligent person you know

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;The person I am going to tell you is Stephen Hawking，a world-renowned scientist.He was an English theoretical physicist，cosmologist，and author.He was also the director of a research department and the professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge.

**(2)How old**

&emsp;&emsp;When he was 21 years old，he was diagnosed with motor neuron disease，which affects and causes the deaths of neurons.At first，the doctor predicted that he could only live for another two years.But he kept fighting and did not die until 2018 when he was 76 years old.

**(3)What and why**

&emsp;&emsp;Stephen Hawking had done profound work in physics，especially in the theories about the universe and the-black hole.Due to my limitation of knowledge，I could not understand his various researches and conclusions，but from the reports on the newspapers and comments of other scientists，I know he made a great contribution to the development of cutting-edge physical theories.

### 6. Describe a person you have seen who is beautiful or handsome

**(1)Who,when and where**

&emsp;&emsp;A beautiful girl I’d like to describe is Jenny, my classmate in high school. 
I met Jenny the ﬁrst day in high school, the teacher signed her up with me so we sat together for three years. Soon after we became good friends.  

**(2)What personnality**

&emsp;&emsp;Jenny is not tall as a cat-walk model but you would feel her beauty from a distance— she liked doing exercise so she’s quite ﬁt; she has a long neck like a swan; her hair is so smooth when you look at it under the sun it feels like it’s shining. When she puts her hair on one shoulder it feels like a person come out from a traditional Chinese ink painting. 

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The reason that I think Jenny is so stunning and attractive is because of her appearance. In high school everyone had to wear the school uniform, and makeups were certainly not allowed. But Jenny was still looked out standing without all those decorations. When she smiles at you, you would feel your heart is smitten with that smile. I think lots of boy had crushes on her at the time.  

### 7. Describe an old person who is interesting

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;An interesting old people I would like to talk about is my grandfather, who is in his early 70s, with medium height.

&emsp;&emsp;My gradpa is a kidult. It's interesting to note that he likes playing computer games. Two years ago,a computer game called "Plants vs Zombies" was famous around the world, and I was also absorbed in it.

**(2)What**

&emsp;&emsp;Everytime when I played this game, he always stood by me and watched my playing. Little by little, my dear grandpa got it, and he could even pass some levels that I always failed to do. It was quite funny for me to see an old man having such talent in playing computer games!

&emsp;&emsp;On top of that，my grandfather is good at telling bad jokes. However，half way of a joke，he couldn't help laughing，always leaving us confused. His humor is very low，this is actually what we laugh after a joke has been told.

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;It's obvious that my grandpa is optimistic with a great sense of humor.Whenever I am confronted with obstacles and challenges，he can always cheer me up.He always says to me，"No matter what happens，laughter is the best remedy. 

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather gives us a lot of joy and has a profound influence on my personal development.I wish him good health.

### 8. Describe a person you want to be similar to when you grow up

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;The person I am going to tell you is Uncle Li, my father's best friend. They were born in the same village and went to the same primary school, secondary school, and high school. After graduation, my father chose to further his education at the university, while my uncle chose to answer the call to join the army.

**(2)When**

&emsp;&emsp;The first time I met him was at my home, when I was 8 years old. Then, he just retired from the military and came back. Since they had not met for almost 10 years, my father was quite excited. Instead of going to a restaurant, he got up early, bought some vegetables and meat, and made dinner by himself.

**(3)What did**

&emsp;&emsp;Uncle Li was a medium-sized man, not very strong, but looked really robust. He told me the tough training he had gone through, the friendship he had formed with his colleagues, and the conflict he had participated. His arm was injured in the battlefield. But he said he did not regret. Someone had to stand up to protect our country.

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;I was deeply touched and inspired.Being a soldier was so cool in the eyes of an-8-year-old boy.I made a resolution that I would also join the army and fight against the enemies whenI grew up.

### 9. Describe your grandparent's job

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather is a chef, working at the most historical hotel in our city. It used to be quiteprestigious. Whenever there was a celebrity or a high-rank government official came to my city, this hotel would be his first choice. With time passing by, the hotel's status has declined, but it is still among the top players.

**(2)How long**

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather has been a cook for more than 40 years.At first，he was only allowed to stand aside，pass on the kitchen wares，and wash them after a day's work.Gradually he gained the right to prepare ingredients，this article is from Laokaoya website，like chopping vegetables，slicing meat，and peeling potatoes.After 5 years，he could finally cook food by himself.And now，he is the king of the kitchen.Everybody has to follow his command and make dishes under his instructions.

**(2)How got**

&emsp;&emsp;My grandfather chose this job quite accidentally.When he was a child，everything was scarce，especially food.He was always hungry.So he wanted to do some job that could fill his stomach.And he found that even in the most difficult years，cooks could still feed their family. So he went to the hotel and became a kitchen assistant.

**(3)Whether**

&emsp;&emsp;Although I love cooking for my parents and girlfriend，being a cook has never been on my list.It is quite physically demanding.You have to stand in front of a cooker for hours and kept swinging the scoop.I do not think I am fit enough to manage that.
