---
layout:     post
title:      2019-05-26-（5-8月）雅思口语part2话题卡
subtitle:   人物类
date:       2019-05-20
author:     DL
header-img: img/home-bg-o.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 雅思
---

### 1. Describe an ideal house

**(1)When and where**

&emsp;&emsp;An ideal house that I would like to talk about is the country house I visited last month. It is in the countryside around Yangzhou where there is a beautiful scene.

**(2)What like**

&emsp;&emsp;It is a big house of two floors. There's a beautiful garden, which has multicolored flowers and chairs in the shade of the trees. There's a downstairs dining room in the house. And there is also a parlor on the first floor. Bedroom is upstairs. 

**(3)Special features**

&emsp;&emsp;Then it comes to the most important part in the house--the study room. There are two of them, one is downstairs, and the other is upstairs. Both of them have big picture windows, so that I could see the garden while I am working. 

**(4)Why**

The reason why I love this house is that the environment there is very quiet, which makes me feel very relaxed. I always imagine: every morning,I start my work in one of my study rooms, in front of the desk, which is just opposite the big picture window. I believe that will be the perfect moment in my life.

### 2. Describe a newly built facility(such as parks, cinemas etc.) that influences your city.

**(1)What and where**

&emsp;&emsp;Speaking of an interesting public place in my hometown, I would like to talk about a big theme park which was newly built in my hometown. This place is quite near to the place where I live. It's probably ten minutes'walk from my home to the park.

**(2)What facility**

&emsp;&emsp;The theme park has lots of new entertainment facilities like roller coasters, or drop towers; they’ve also managed to design an entertainment zone next to the park. After the ﬁrst time I went there with my friends, I was fascinated by it. From that on, I have often come to this park. Sometimes to play on the machine, sometimes just sit on the lawn and watching ducks swimming. 

**(2)How**

&emsp;&emsp;The biggest reason I like this place is that it provides people with a mysterious and romantic feeling. Like when you enter the park, you can either choose to walk through the woods or take the magic train. It feels like the train is running on top of the woods and almost could reach the sky.

&emsp;&emsp;Another reason I like this park is the natural habitat. They hired professional gardeners to design the park, so every different season you would see different flowers with different colours.

&emsp;&emsp;I think this is why this park is so popular in my hometown. 

### 3. Describe a park/garden you like visiting

**(1)What and where**

&emsp;&emsp;Speaking of an interesting public place in my hometown, I would like to talk about a big theme park which was newly built in my hometown. This place is quite near to the place where I live. It's probably ten minutes'walk from my home to the park.

**(2)What facility**

&emsp;&emsp;The theme park has lots of new entertainment facilities like roller coasters, or drop towers; they’ve also managed to design an entertainment zone next to the park. After the ﬁrst time I went there with my friends, I was fascinated by it. From that on, I have often come to this park. Sometimes to play on the machine, sometimes just sit on the lawn and watching ducks swimming. 

**(2)How**

&emsp;&emsp;The biggest reason I like this place is that it provides people with a mysterious and romantic feeling. Like when you enter the park, you can either choose to walk through the woods or take the magic train. It feels like the train is running on top of the woods and almost could reach the sky.

&emsp;&emsp;Another reason I like this park is the natural habitat. They hired professional gardeners to design the park, so every different season you would see different flowers with different colours.

&emsp;&emsp;I think this is why this park is so popular in my hometown. 

### 4. Describe a historical building you have been to

**(1)Where**

&emsp;&emsp;The Imperial Academy is a prestigious historical building in my country. It’s the only imperial college from ancient times preserved up to now, with almost 1000 year history. 

&emsp;&emsp;It used to be the supreme headquarter for the most outstanding students in the country. Those students are handpicked by the emperor, after training and studying for several years they got to be the minister to help the emperor ruling the country.

**(2)What look**

&emsp;&emsp;I’ve been to this place several times. To be honest, I never quite worked out the exact constitution of the whole place…there are several arches, the Confucius temple and a museum sitting around it. 

&emsp;&emsp;Walking up the stars then going through the north arch, you can see the main hall of the building. It’s like the typical wooden structure of ancient Chinese buildings. In front of it, there’s a small open square where the students used to listen to lectures. There’re a group of stone tables preserved in the area as well, it’s quite a unique sight to see. 

**(3)Used now**

&emsp;&emsp;People come to this place for all sorts of reasons, to go on sightseeing, taking pictures or studying histories. There’s even a custom that students would come here to pray before the exam so that they can gain good luck.

**(4)What learned and feel**

&emsp;&emsp;I believe this place is an asset to our country, the building structures plus the collection of relics provide signiﬁcant research values to not only scientists but also tourists. People can have a vivid understanding of how our ancestors were studying in the place. It’s quite inspiring.

