---
layout:     post
title:      2019-03-14-雅思口语part2话题卡
subtitle:   事件类
date:       2019-03-14
author:     DL
header-img: img/home-bg-o.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 雅思
---

### 1. Describe a time you borrowed something from your friends or family

**(1)What, when and why**

&emsp;&emsp;I borrowed a Sony Playstation 4 from my friend Zhenghao on my birthday. That day I was about to open a birthday party at my house, one thing got my friends excited about was to come and play the PS4 game which named Call Of Duty. However I discovered my PS4 was not working! I tried restart it for many times, but it wouldn’t turn on. 

**(2)who and what did**

&emsp;&emsp;So I had to call my friend Zhenghao to borrow his set. Zhenghao just bought a newest version of PS4, named Playstation 4 pro, so I asked help from him. We played a lot of PS4 games that night, and after the party I returned it back on time. 

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;I was quite grateful to Zhenghao because he saved my day. I think he’s such a good friend to me. 

### 2. Describe a game that you played in your childhood

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;Like many children around the world, I would like to fly the kite with my friends. Flying the kite means put the kite on the sky with the help from wind. The players are able to control the kite by a string which connect the player with the kite. 

**(2)When and who**

&emsp;&emsp;When I studied in primary school, there was a large playground near our house, where a lot of grass grown here. Therefore, children need not worry about hurt themselves seriously even they were tripped over. Although the game seems to be very easy, it is not suitable for us to play all year around. We always like to play it in the spring and autumn. As you may know, we need run first to give the kite power so that they can fly on the sky. 

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;This process would make us feel hot and tired, while temperature in spring and autumn is more comfortable, which provide the environmental foundation for us. My friends were used to invite me to fly the kite when we all finished our homework. As there were not so much computer games in my childhood, this game brought me a lot of fun! 

### 3. Describe an important decision made with the help of other people

**(1)When**

&emsp;&emsp;The important decision I am going to tell you happened in my senior high school.Back then I was faced with the problem of the division of arts and sciences.According to the Chinese educational system，everyone had to choose one as his or her major and this would affect the subjects he or she took in the university entrance exam.If you choose the sciences，you need to study physics，chemistry，and biology，and if you choose the arts，you need to study geography，politics，and history.

**(2)Who and what decision**

&emsp;&emsp;I was so confused and did not know which one is better，so I went to my teacher and asked for her advice.As I was good at all the subjects，she suggested me to choose the sciences.She said that at this stage of my life，I would not know what I wanted to do in the future.If I had chosen the sciences，I could still change into arts degrees in the university.But if I had chosen the arts，it would almost be impossible to study the sciences because of the lack of background knowledge.I thought her words did make a sense and followed her advice.

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;It turned out that I had made a good decision. When I chose the universities and majors after the exam,I could choose almost whatever I want.I am really grateful to my teacher.

### 4. Describe a time that you had to change your plan or change your mind

**(1)When**

&emsp;&emsp;The thing that I had to change my plan happened in my senior high school.Back then I was faced with the problem of the division of arts and sciences.According to the Chinese educational system，everyone had to choose one as his or her major and this would affect the subjects he or she took in the university entrance exam. At that time, I was interested in arts, so wanted to chose to study geography，politics，and history.

**(2)What made you change and new plan**

&emsp;&emsp;However, I was still so confused and did not know which one is better，so I went to my teacher and asked for her advice.As I was good at all the subjects，she suggested me to choose the sciences.She said that at this stage of my life，I would not know what I wanted to do in the future.If I had chosen the sciences，I could still change into arts degrees in the university.But if I had chosen the arts，it would almost be impossible to study the sciences because of the lack of background knowledge.I thought her words did make a sense and followed her advice.

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;It turned out that I had made a good decision. When I chose the universities and majors after the exam,I could choose almost whatever I want.I am really grateful to my teacher.

### 5. Describe a time when you received money as a present

**(1)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;Actually being a Chinese it’s quite common to receive money as present. People would give out cash on various occasions like birthdays, and the Spring Festivals, but I’d like to share with a meaningful time in my life—the time my grandmother gave me some money before I set off to the university. 

**(2)When**

&emsp;&emsp;After I got admitted into the University, my family held a big party. They invited all the family members to come. On the party my grandmother gave me a red envelope, it was some cash. She told me she’s been waiting for this moment to hand me her gift. I didn’t open it ﬁrst as it’s a Chinese courtesy not to open gift in front of others. 

**(3)What**

&emsp;&emsp;After the party, I was surprised to ﬁnd that she gave me about 6000 yuan, that’s a lot of money for an old person. I saved the money in the bank coz I thought it’s my grandmother’s kindness, so I didn’t want to waste it. 

**(4)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;The feeling that I had for this gift was thrills—I didn’t expect my grandma would give me that much money, I thought receiving the blessings from her was quite enough. She’s retired and that money must come from her savings, so I decided to save it instead of spending on clothes or bags. The other feeling was that I think this gift was quite warm, coz the number she gave me was 6,000 yuan, 6 is a lucky number in Chinese culture, so it means that she wishes me a bright and lucky future. That’s quite sweet and thoughtful of her. 

### 6. Describe a party that you joined

**(1)What kind, where and when**

&emsp;&emsp;The most memorable party in my life should be the party that we held last year. It was held to celebrate our reunion after we went to university. And It was held in my friend’s home. A lot of my high school classmates attended the party. I arrived at my classmate's home very early to help him prepare the dinner.

&emsp;&emsp;Since most of us hadn’t seen each other for nearly four years after our graduation from the high school, we were really excited to know each other’s status quo.

&emsp;&emsp;After the meal, we played cards, sang songs, and chatted with each other to exchange our wonderful experiences and so on. Later, we went to KTV to sing songs. We were screaming and laughing, and a lot of us got drunk. 

**(2)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;It was really awesome, and we made a decision to have that kind of get-together every half a year.

### 7. Describe an activity you would do when you are alone in your free time

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;The activity I would do when I am alone is to play a computer game called the Call of Duty.It is a first-person shooting game produced by Activision.Fifteen installments of the game have been published since 2003 and my favorite one is the 11th.

**(2)How often**

&emsp;&emsp;I usually play it on the Sunday afternoon when I have finished all my work.But this is not fixed.If I am bored，I may turn on the computer and play for one or two hours even during the weekdays.There are also some times that I am so busy that I do not touch it for nearly a month. The frequency highly depends on my daily routine.

**(3)Who**

&emsp;&emsp;It is a console game and the AI would play my enemies.So I do not need a partner or an opponent.But there was a time when my friends and I competed with each other to see who would be the first one to finish the game.

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The game is based on the real battlefield, by playing this game，you can change the soldiers' destiny and experience their lives.That is why I like playing it when I am alone in my spare time.

### 8. Describe a time when you looked for information from the internet

**(1)When**

&emsp;&emsp;Well, as far as I can remember, the last time I looked for information online was when I prepared for my trip to Chongqing. I went to Chongqing for vacation last month, so I had to plan everything prior to my upcoming trip so I would not be disoriented when I got there.

**(2)What**

&emsp;&emsp;The information I looked for was our accommodation choices, good food, tourist attractions and safety information in Chongqing. All of those information was of vital importance to prepare for a wonderful traveling experience.

&emsp;&emsp;I used Google to search the information coz the results are more reliable and various than other search engines. Also, I found a lot of information on Xiecheng, a major tourism-related website that provides tips and suggestions for international travelers.

**(3)How**

&emsp;&emsp;As for how I felt about it, it was really convenient for me to find what I need without leaving my house. I could know a lot of things about Chongqing while searching for information to prepare for my trip. I was very grateful that I could get assess to the Internet, which made me feel really confident and well-prepared for my trip.

### 9. Describe a complaint that you made and you were satisfied with the result

**（1）When**

&emsp;&emsp;The complaint I am going to tell you happened a months ago. I found I had spent too much money on my cell phone, so I decided to degrade the package.

**（2）Who**

&emsp;&emsp;When I called the customer service of the operating company，the representative said that I could upgrade my package at any time I wanted，but if I wanted to degrade it，I had to wait until next year. It was totally absurd.But no matter what I said，the staff insisted that this was the regulation and there was no room for negotiation.I called several times.Every representative gave the same answer.

**（3）What**

&emsp;&emsp;I was enraged.I called the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology，which is a government body supervising all the mobile operating companies.I explained what happened in details and why I thought this was unfair.After I submitting it，the representative said it would give me a reply in 7 working days.

**（4）Why satisfied**

&emsp;&emsp;In fact，it did not take that long.On the second day，the company's customer service called.He said he was the manager of the relevant department and was so sorry about the inconvenience his colleagues had caused.The package of my number was degraded immediately.I was satisfied with his attitude and the result.

### 10. Describe an outdoor sport you played for the first time

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;One of the outdoor sports I played for the first time was snorkeling when I was abroad for traveling.

**（2）When and who**

&emsp;&emsp;I remember it was the time after graduation that I went to Phuket Island in Thailand with my classmates for vocation.I got to know about this sport from our tour guide.

&emsp;&emsp;Snorkeling is kind of a practice for real swimming in the sea.In order to make sure that everyone of us could swim in the sea and nobody would accidentally get injured because of lack of practice，our tour guide gave us a roughly two-hour training in a huge swimming pool on that small island.

**（3）How**

&emsp;&emsp;To snorkel，you have to be equipped with a kind of diving mask with a long tube that enables you to breathe the air in the water.Honestly，I was a little scared because I seldom swam before，not to mention diving in the water just with a help of a tube.You know，my tour guide was extremely nice.He helped me conquer the fear by teaching me how to snorkel step by step.Then，I followed his advice to practice every single step time and time again.It took me almost the entire two hours to master it.I felt it's really worthwhile and I really appreciate his guidance.

**（4）Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，I think snorkeling was not that really hard after I learned how to let go our inner fear.From that on，snorkeling has been one of my favorite outdoor sports in my life.

### 11. Describe a piece of good news you heard (from TV or the Internet)

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;Speaking of good news I’ve read lately, I would like to talk about a new traffic law that has been carried out in China. Like in most countries, in China there’s the trafﬁc law, the newly updated version brought bigger beneﬁts to the society. 

**（2）When**

&emsp;&emsp;The new trafﬁc law was adapted last year, I think…which gives harsher punishment to people who does drunken driving—their license will be revoked immediately, and they could even face criminal charges. 

**（3）Where**

&emsp;&emsp;I knew about this law was because I have been preparing for the driving license test. I think anyone living in China can be affected by this law, not only the drivers but also the pedestrians on the roads.  

**（3）Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The biggest reason that I would consider it to be a good news is that it sends out a clear message that DUI is intolerable in China. I remember in the past before the law wasn’t so complete there were people take chances on after they drink. It caused numerous amounts of trafﬁc accidents every year. I think this behavior was quite irresponsible both to themselves and to other people.

### 12. Describe a time that someone didn't tell you the whole truth about something

**（1）When**

&emsp;&emsp;The time that I almost got tricked was the time my cousin tried to fool me. Last year I had a short stay with my relatives so I had to take care of their 9-year-old son Zhenghao when they’re not around. 

**（2）What and who**

&emsp;&emsp;Zhenghao is a very energetic boy who is constantly shouting. Everyday after I picked him up from school he would refuse to do his homework and it’s quite a headache for me.One night he stayed up late and kept on screaming so I allowed him to eat some ice cream before bed. Then the other morning he told me he’s got a heavy stomachache and claimed it was because of the ice cream. 

**（3）Why**

&emsp;&emsp;At ﬁrst I was really worried— I checked his temperature it looked normal, but he looked quite painful so I decided to take him to the hospital to be sure. After the doctor examined him and found nothing, I realized this little devil was trying to fool me…so I told him the doctor had to give him a further examination by putting a long thick tube inside him, and that’s going to be painful for many days. Of course he was intimidated by the idea then told me the truth he was faking it. 

&emsp;&emsp;I think his motivations to do that was pretty simple, he just didn’t want to go to school. He would rather spend the day in house and playing video game…maybe he thought I’m weaker to him than his parents so he might get away from it. But unfortunately he failed. 


### 13. Describe a success your friend has achieved

**（1）Who**

&emsp;&emsp;I would like to talk about my friend Zhenghao，who is two year younger than me and is my fellow student in the college.We knew each other from a school association on campus.

**（2）What success**

&emsp;&emsp;His most recent success in my memory was that he got an offer from the Fudan，which was a prestigious university in the China.Zhenghao was the most hardworking person I have met in school.

**（3）What did**

&emsp;&emsp;I remember when we were organizing different activities like school's speech competition，knowledge contest and so on，he was one of the most passionate members.What made me feel quite impressed about him was his 100 percent determination and execution.No matter what idea has been made，he's always the pioneer to do it.Even though those activities took up a lot of his time，he was still a straight-A student in his grade，which made me so jealous.

&emsp;&emsp;Well,I don't think his successful application to this well-known university in the China is just luck. It's the large amount of effort and time he put behind the scenes to make things happen step by step that made him achieve this success. He is truly a man that I admire.


### 14. Describe a situation when you don't have enough time

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;Something I desire to do but don't have time to do is snorkeling.

**（2）How difficult**

&emsp;&emsp;Snorkeling is kind of a practice for real swimming in the sea, and it is a kind of dangerous sport to newbies. Before snorkeling , you need to accept a training course in a small swimming pool to conquer the fear. You would be equipped with a kind of diving mask with a long tube that enables you to breathe the air in the water.You need to practice every single step time and time again , and it would take you alomost three hours.

**（3）Why**

&emsp;&emsp;One of the biggest reasons why I want to learn the snorkeling is that I hope one day I could join with my friend Zhenghao who is a snorkeling lover so that we could have more adventures in the sea.Plus，I am quite into sea creatures，which are the cuties animals to me.

**（4）Why**

&emsp;&emsp;You know，right now I'm concentrating on my own studies in school，and it's about one more year to finish.At least，in this coming school year，I wouldn't be able to make this little dream come true.But，hopefully，I could go to Thailand to learn that training course after my graduation.


### 15. Describe a time you received horrible service

**（1）When, where, who and what**

&emsp;&emsp;A time I received horrible service was actually from a property agent in Yangzhou.

&emsp;&emsp;It happened on a weekend last month at my rental apartment.I remember that it was raining that day and I was busy working in my laboratory as usual.When I got home from work，my room was like a disaster，you know a lot of water leaked in from the window and the ceiling.I asked my roommate about what was happened and he told me that it was probably because the ceiling had a fissure that let the rain water come in.He also told me that he had called the agent but there's was nobody coming to fix it.

&emsp;&emsp;So，I dialed the number of the agent again and was told that they had already arranged a professional and promised me to solve this problem.My roommate and I thought this time this matter would be done soon，but they disappointed us again.This article is from Laokaoya website.Nobody showed up the following days.What's quite annoying for us was that it keptraining cats and dogs for many days，which was normal in summer Beijing，but we had nothing to do except for waiting.

&emsp;&emsp;Later on，we've found that it's because the repairing professional was quite busy to take the job，and the property agent still wanted to make some profits between us，so they gave a false promise to put it off.

**（2）why**

&emsp;&emsp;The reason why I think the service from the property agent was horrible was that the agent was acting so unprofessionally，you know，they should have informed us of the real situation so that we could reduce the cost to the minimum.

### 16. Describe a time you taught something new to a younger person

**（1）When**

&emsp;&emsp;The experience I am going to tell you happened during last summer vacation.I returned from the university and had nothing to do at home.I was bored to death and desperately wanted to find something to occupy my endless free time.

**（2）What, who and why**

&emsp;&emsp;Then，my little brother，a boy who just entered secondary school，became interested in badminton after watching some matches played by Lindan，the best badminton player aroundthe world，and wanted to learn.Since I had received professional badminton training，this article is from laokaoya websie，I thought maybe I could teach him.In this way，he could save the money to employ a coach and I got a good way to kill the time.It was a win-win situation.

&emsp;&emsp;We bought a racket and found a badminton court near his home.Everything was ready.Every morning at 8o'clock，we met at the court and began our training session.I showed him how to move his feet，aim at the shuttlecock and swing the racket.He was very talented and progressed pretty fast.After a month，he could play several rounds with me.

**（3）How**

&emsp;&emsp;I really like this teaching experience.It enhanced our relationship.We are much closer after that.Meanwhile，I obtain a sense of achievement from his progress.

### 17. Describe a healthy lifestyle you know

**（1）How know and what**

&emsp;&emsp;The healthy lifestyle I am going to tell you is early to bed and early to rise.I do not remember when and where I first heard about this saying.But my parents keep repeating it recently and hope I can follow their advice.They believe staying up late has a negative impact on health and can cause various disease.

&emsp;&emsp;According to my parents，one had better go to bed before 11 o'clock in the evening and get up at about 7 o'clock in the morning.Even if you cannot fall asleep immediately，closing your eyes and lying on the bed is better than doing other things.This is in chord with a person's internal clock，and thus good for health.

**（2）What would do**

&emsp;&emsp;To do this，a person needs to be highly organized.In the evening，he must resist the lure of smartphone，games，and TV series.When the time comes，he is able to put them aside at once and empty his mind.In the morning，he needs to have the courage to say goodbye to the warm bed and welcome the chilly morning.

**（3）Why healthy**

&emsp;&emsp;But this lifestyle does have many benefits.I used to insist it for two months.I felt my memory got better，mind got sharper and sleep got sounder.Diseases like cold had stayed away.

### 18. Describe a time you enjoyed your free time

**（1）When and where**

&emsp;&emsp;A time I enjoyed my free time was in Chongqing，a city located in the southwest of China and surrounded by mountains. My girlfriend and I went to Chongqing for a trip last month. It's quite far from here，and I remember it took us around 10 hours to get to there，which made me exhausted.But the moment I got out of the train，I felt a sense of relief. Maybe it's because I needed some fresh air at that time，or it's the nice taxi driver that made me feel so.

**（2）What did**

The city is famous for two things，its food and landscape.Hotpot is the representative of the citys food，which is hot and spicy. So the first day we didn't visit some big scenic spots there but just toured around the area where we were staying and had a hotpot.The city's landscape is also unique, so the followings days were quite exciting. We visited the sanxia，and the hongyadong，which were all my favorites.


**(3)feel**

&emsp;&emsp;You know，I was quite into this place，not only because the trip to Chongqing gave me a chance to escape from my work and life，but also was a precious opportunity for me to get to experience an interesting culture there.

I wish I could have had more free time to stay in this place！
