---
layout:     post
title:      2019-04-09-雅思口语4.13预测
subtitle:   4.13预测
date:       2019-04-09
author:     DL
header-img: img/home-bg-o.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 雅思
---

## 1. Part1的考试预测

### 1.1 Holiday 假期/公共假期

**What public holidays do you have in your country?**

&emsp;&emsp;Sorry,I can't remember the exact number, but I think there' re at least four, which are the Chinese Spring Festival Holiday, May Day Holiday, Mid-autumn Festival and the National Day holiday. These are all legal holidays that set us free from work or studies to celebrate.

**Do people in your country celebrate Christmas?**

&emsp;&emsp;Yes. Christmas is becoming more and more popular in China. On Christmas day, most people tend to go shopping with families or friends to take advantage of the sales that the shops are offering.

### 1.2 Painting 画画

**Have you learned drawing or painting?**

&emsp;&emsp;Yes,I have.I used to learn Chinese painting when I was in the primary school. But I soon stopped learning, because I found I did not have the talent and it took up most of my spare time.

**Is it important to hang pictures at home?**

&emsp;&emsp;I believe it depends on the preference of the family. Pictures are surely a good way to decorate home. But there are also people who prefer other means of decoration. For them,I think hanging pictures is not important at all.

### 1.3 Weather 天气

**Do you prefer dry or wet weather?**

&emsp;&emsp;I prefer dry weather. Although I have to drink a lot of water to stay healthy, it is still better than wet weather, which causes a great deal of inconvenience.

**What’s your favourite season?**

&emsp;&emsp;My favorite season is spring when the flowers are going to bloom and grasses just spring out of the earth.Everything is vibrant and lively under the sun.

### 1.4 Colour  颜色

**What’s your favourite colour?**

&emsp;&emsp;My favorite color is grey because I like the saying"between black and white there is a long grey area".

**Is there any colour that has special meanings in your country?**

&emsp;&emsp;Red has always been an special color in Chinese culture coz it is considered as a symbol of vitality. For example, in traditional Chinese weddings, regardless in the past or right now, are all about red. We believe that red color can bring good luck.

### 1.5 Living area 居住的环境

**Do you like the area you live in?**

&emsp;&emsp;Yes,I do. Right now, I live in the dormitary that my university provides. There are various shopping centers and entertainment facilities nearby, which can satisfy most of my demands. It is also very convenient to do online shopping here. It only takes a day to deliver the items you have bought to your home.

**What are some changes in the area recently?**

&emsp;&emsp;Well,I don't see many changes, but there's one I remember very clearly. It's a public area, which was used to be a street market where lots of people squeezed to sell or buy foods. It now has been renovated recently and looks more like a supermarket which is way cleaner than before.


### 1.6 Cooking 煮饭

**Do you like cooking?**

&emsp;&emsp;Yes, to some extent.I like cooking for others. Seeing them enjoying what I have prepared is the happiest thing. But I am often reluctant to cook if I am alone.I feel like it is not worth the effort.

**Is it difficult to cook Chinese food for you?**

&emsp;&emsp;Well, it highly depends on what the food is. Some dishes are a piece of cake and I can make them effortlessly. But there are also others that contain a range of complicated procedures. They are definitely beyond my ability.

### 1.7 Sunglasses 太阳镜

**Where can you buy sunglasses?**

&emsp;&emsp;You can buy them at various places. There are glasses shops, which often sell sunglasses with a particular function.Most supermarkets also have one or two shelves for sunglasses.

**Do people in your country wear sunglasses?**

&emsp;&emsp;Yes, they do. The sunglasses is becoming such a fashion item nowadays. They are very popular in China. You can see many people on the street wearing them, especially in the summer when the sunshine is too strong.


### 1.8 Drinking water 饮用水

**What kinds of water do you like to drink?**

&emsp;&emsp;I like pure water without anything in it. Some people like to drink Chinese tea, but I find it a little bitter. There are also others who like to put a piece of lemon in it.I have never bothered to do so.

**Do you drink bottled water or water from water machines?**

&emsp;&emsp;I usually drink water from the water machine. It is very convenient and much cheaper than the bottled water.I know some people believe bottled water is tastier, but I cannot tell the difference.

### 1.9 Movies电影

**What kind of movies do you like?**

&emsp;&emsp;I like all of them. But my favorite is the action. The blast and car chasing are thrilling. And what is more important is that they rarely have complicated plots, which means I can relax and empty my brain.

**Do you prefer to watch movies at home or in a cinema?**

&emsp;&emsp;It is hard to say.I like both of them. Watching movies at home is more relaxing and comfortable.I can lie on the couch and talk with my friend at any time and at any volume I want. But a cinema often has more advanced facilities, like the huge screen and high-quality soundtrack, which can provide a -better watching experience.

## 2. Part2的考试预测

下面重点来看看p2的这些题目，基本也是以老题和经典题优先。这个月建议大家从物件题和事件题先开始准备，因为，他们更难。

### 2.1 先来看物件组

**Describe something you made that you gave to other people**

&emsp;&emsp;Last time that I made something and gave it to another individual as a present can be traced back to high school. That day was my best friend Zhenghao's birthday, he held a birthday party and invited a lot of friends. Some of them brought the birthday cards to Zhenghao, but I brought a box of Welsh cake to the party which was made by hand.


&emsp;&emsp;From an adult's perspective，the cake must be crude.But I had tried my best.I added cinnamon and raisins into it to make the ﬂavor a bit more complicated, not tasted just like a scone. On the cover，I wrote down Happy birthday and drew two children playing football.

&emsp;&emsp;As for how I felt about it, I was stil proud of the gift. Though it was not that rich compared to other gifts he received, it conveyed my emotion and was a symbol of our friendship.

**Describe something you bought but didn’t use so much**

&emsp;&emsp;Speaking of something I bought but don’t use often, I’d like to tell you about my coffee maker.

&emsp;&emsp;SI can’t really remember the exact time, I think I got it from a shopping mall a few months ago when I was waiting for my friend there, the salesman made a really good speech about it.

&emsp;&emsp;The reason why I bought this machine is pretty straightforward—I love drinking coffee. I have to drink at least two cups of coffee everyday so I thought with this machine at home I could save some money by making coffee on my own.  

&emsp;&emsp;However, I didn’t anticipate that this expensive machine is going to sit there and eat dust on my shelf. The biggest reason is that it takes me ages to make one coffee. It’s a semi-automatic machine so that I have to grind the coffee beans, switch the button under the device, and set the temperature all by myself! Not mentioning I have to clean the machine after making a coffee. I usually make coffee in the morning so there’s absolutely no way I can make it on time. 

&emsp;&emsp;The other reason is that the taste is not even that good. I tried many times, even changed different coffee beans but the feeling is still unsatisfying. I think I can get much better coffee at Starbucks. So that’s the reason why I don’t use this machine often.

**Describe a problem that happened on your equipment，feeling**

&emsp;&emsp;I really want to say something about my Sony Playstation 4, which is different from the computer. This machine is designed for some big games.

&emsp;&emsp;That day I was about to throw a birthday party at my house, one thing got my friends excited about was to come and play the PS4 game which named Call Of Duty. However I discovered my PS4 was not working! I tried restart it for many times, but it wouldn’t turn on. 

&emsp;&emsp;So I had to call my friend Zhenghao to borrow his set. Zhenghao just bought a newest version of PS4, named Playstation 4 pro, so I asked help from him. We played a lot of PS4 games that night, and after the party I returned it back on time. 

&emsp;&emsp;I was quite grateful to Zhenghao because he saved my day. I think he’s such a good friend to me. 

**Describe a time you borrowed something from your friends or family**

&emsp;&emsp;I really want to say something about my Sony Playstation 4, which is different from the computer. This machine is designed for some big games.

&emsp;&emsp;That day I was about to throw a birthday party at my house, one thing got my friends excited about was to come and play the PS4 game which named Call Of Duty. However I discovered my PS4 was not working! I tried restart it for many times, but it wouldn’t turn on. 

&emsp;&emsp;So I had to call my friend Zhenghao to borrow his set. Zhenghao just bought a newest version of PS4, named Playstation 4 pro, so I asked help from him. We played a lot of PS4 games that night, and after the party I returned it back on time. 

&emsp;&emsp;I was quite grateful to Zhenghao because he saved my day. I think he’s such a good friend to me. 

**Describe an important plant in your country**

&emsp;&emsp;Speaking of a kind of plant in my country, I would like to tell you about the plum blossom. 

&emsp;&emsp;Basically it’s a kind of ﬂower that comes out only during the winter time, while everything else looks dull and depressed. Plum blossom trees are not very tall, I would say it’s the similar size of a cherry blossom tree. The colour of this ﬂower is much lighter, usually is in white and baby pink. When you stay closer you can smell the refreshing fragrance. 

&emsp;&emsp;I remember when I was a student, our school had a big garden with many plum blossom trees. So during the winter time students and local residents would come here and take photos.

&emsp;&emsp;The reason that I really like this kinds of plant is because of its special meanings..In China, plum blossoms are considered as a symbol of ﬁrmness. As it comes out at the winter time while other plants can’t ﬁght the cold temperature. I guess that’s also the reason that our school planted this ﬂower.. just to encourage us to be tough and strong. 



### 2.2 再来看事件题

**Describe an interesting talk or lecture, why interesting.**

&emsp;&emsp;I am going to talk about an interesting lecture that I heard 5 years ago.It is still vivid in my mind.Back then I was eager to improve my English and my teacher recommended a lot of materials and websites，which might be useful.One of them is TED，a website where various people share their experience，research，and knowledge.Its motto is"ideas worth spreading".

&emsp;&emsp;I spent a great deal of time on it.Every day，I browsed through hundreds of lectures，trying to find something that aroused my interest.Then I found one lecture that ranked first at the list of the most played.

&emsp;&emsp;It is about how people's attention works.Every day，our brain receives enormous information，most of which is useless.So during the process of evolution，our brain has gradually developed a filter mechanism.It rules out a lot of things unconsciously so that we can focus on a specific issue.However，the drawback of this mechanism is that it disables us from doing two things at the same time.

&emsp;&emsp;The interesting-thing about this lecture is that the-lecturer illustrates this by showing how picking pocket works.Through distracting people and making them focus on what he is saying，he takes belongings from them without being noticed.It was amazing.

**Describe a time that you looked for information from the Internet, feeling**

&emsp;&emsp;Well, as far as I can remember, the last time I looked for information online was when I prepared for my trip to Chongqing. I went to Chongqing for vacation last month, so I had to plan everything prior to my upcoming trip so I would not be disoriented when I got there.

&emsp;&emsp;The information I looked for was our accommodation choices, good food, tourist attractions and safety information in Chongqing. All of those information was of vital importance to prepare for a wonderful traveling experience.

&emsp;&emsp;I used Google to search the information coz the results are more reliable and various than other search engines. Also, I found a lot of information on Xiecheng, a major tourism-related website that provides tips and suggestions for international travelers.

&emsp;&emsp;As for how I felt about it, it was really convenient for me to find what I need without leaving my house. I could know a lot of things about Chongqing while searching for information to prepare for my trip. I was very grateful that I could get assess to the Internet, which made me feel really confident and well-prepared for my trip.

**Describe a childhood game, feeling**

&emsp;&emsp;Like many children around the world, I would like to fly the kite with my friends. Flying the kite means put the kite on the sky with the help from wind. The players are able to control the kite by a string which connect the player with the kite. 

&emsp;&emsp;When I studied in primary school, there was a large playground near our house, where a lot of grass grown here. Therefore, children need not worry about hurt themselves seriously even they were tripped over. Although the game seems to be very easy, it is not suitable for us to play all year around. We always like to play it in the spring and autumn. As you may know, we need run first to give the kite power so that they can fly on the sky. 

&emsp;&emsp;This process would make us feel hot and tired, while temperature in spring and autumn is more comfortable, which provide the environmental foundation for us. My friends were used to invite me to fly the kite when we all finished our homework. As there were not so much computer games in my childhood, this game brought me a lot of fun! 

**Describe a party that you joined, feeling**

&emsp;&emsp;The most memorable party in my life should be the party that we held last year. It was held to celebrate our reunion after we went to university. And It was held in my friend’s home. A lot of my high school classmates attended the party. I arrived at my classmate's home very early to help him prepare the dinner.

&emsp;&emsp;Since most of us hadn’t seen each other for nearly four years after our graduation from the high school, we were really excited to know each other’s status quo.

&emsp;&emsp;After the meal, we played cards, sang songs, and chatted with each other to exchange our wonderful experiences and so on. Later, we went to KTV to sing songs. We were screaming and laughing, and a lot of us got drunk. 

&emsp;&emsp;It was really awesome, and we made a decision to have that kind of get-together every half a year.

**Describe a situation you wanted to do something but you didn’t have enough time, feel**

&emsp;&emsp;Something I desire to do but don't have time to do is snorkeling.

&emsp;&emsp;Snorkeling is kind of a practice for real swimming in the sea, and it is a kind of dangerous sport to newbies. Before snorkeling , you need to accept a training course in a small swimming pool to conquer the fear. You would be equipped with a kind of diving mask with a long tube that enables you to breathe the air in the water.You need to practice every single step time and time again , and it would take you alomost three hours.

&emsp;&emsp;One of the biggest reasons why I want to learn the snorkeling is that I hope one day I could join with my friend Zhenghao who is a snorkeling lover so that we could have more adventures in the sea.Plus，I am quite into sea creatures，which are the cuties animals to me.

&emsp;&emsp;You know，right now I'm concentrating on my own studies in school，and it's about one more year to finish.At least，in this coming school year，I wouldn't be able to make this little dream come true.But，hopefully，I could go to Thailand to learn that training course after my graduation.

**Describe an activity you do alone, why alone**

&emsp;&emsp;The activity I would do when I am alone is to play a computer game called the Call of Duty.It is a first-person shooting game produced by Activision.Fifteen installments of the game have been published since 2003 and my favorite one is the 11th.

&emsp;&emsp;I usually play it on the Sunday afternoon when I have finished all my work.But this is not fixed.If I am bored，I may turn on the computer and play for one or two hours even during the weekdays.There are also some times that I am so busy that I do not touch it for nearly a month. The frequency highly depends on my daily routine.

&emsp;&emsp;It is a console game and the AI would play my enemies.So I do not need a partner or an opponent.But there was a time when my friends and I competed with each other to see who would be the first one to finish the game.

&emsp;&emsp;The game is based on the real battlefield, by playing this game，you can change the soldiers' destiny and experience their lives.That is why I like playing it when I am alone in my spare time.


### 2.3 其他的话题-人物和地点大家按下列话题顺序准备。

**Describe a childhood friend of yours, feeling**

&emsp;&emsp;A childhood friend of mine is Zhenghao，who was my most intimate friend during my entire childhood.We began to know about each other since my family has settled down in my hometown and we became neighbors. We were first introduced by our parents when both of us were about to stay alone at home. Coz our parents were quite busy at that time and they also wanted us to play together.

&emsp;&emsp;We didn't become so familiar until one day on a special occasion we had a common interest in flying the kite. Zhenghao was used to invite me to fly the kite when we all finished our homework. Although the game seems to be very easy, it is not suitable for us to play all year around. We always like to play it in the spring and autumn. As you may know, we need run fast to give the kite a power so that they can fly on the sky. 

&emsp;&emsp;Well，I think the most important reason why we became so intimate during childhood was that we didn't have the so-called gap between us. Besides, as there were not so much computer games in my childhood, we could always find something outside that could arouse our interests. 

**Describe an interesting animal, why interesting**

&emsp;&emsp;The interesting animal I' d like to talk about is the panda. They are so chubby, when they are sitting there, eating bamboos, they are just like a ball of fur. When I was in primary school, my parents and I went to Beijing for vacation, and that was the first time I saw the baby panda.

&emsp;&emsp;As we all know, they are our Chinese treasure, they could only be found in China,and most of them are live in nature reserves. We even have a thing called panda diplomacy. You know, our national leaders would send panda babies or couples to other countries as diplomatic gifts, to show our friendliness and sincerity. 

&emsp;&emsp;The main reason that I am crazy about pandas is that they are just so cute and interesting. When they are playing, they like to roll around. Sometimes they can be very clumsy. They always fall down from trees, and they like to play with zookeepers. I heard that in Japan, people are obsessed with pandas, and they need to queue for a long time to see pandas.Oh, how interesting the panda is!

**Describe a person who helps to protect the environment**

&emsp;&emsp;The environmentally friendly person I am going to tell you is my grandma.She is already 80 years old，but quite healthy.Every morning after breakfast，she takes a walk in a park nearby，which usually lasts an hour.In the evening，she would sit in front of the house and chat with other old ladies.

&emsp;&emsp;The way she protects the environment is quite simple.She insists to bring her own cloth bag to the supermarket to buy some vegetables on her way home from the walk so that she will not need the plastic bags.A year ago，she did not do that.She loved to use the plastic bags because they are light and convenient.But when I told her that plastic bags are almost impossible to dissolve in nature and can kill animals when they accidentally eat them，her behavior changed.Now，wherever she goes，she will take her cloth bag.

&emsp;&emsp;Giving up plastic bags and using a cloth bag instead is quite an easy way to protect the environment，but insistence is another thing.Even though we know how harmful plastic is to the environment，sometimes we would still use it because of its convenience.

&emsp;&emsp;That is why I admire my grandma.She never forges to bring her cloth bag.If everybody behaves like her，I believe our environmental issue will be significantly alleviated in a short time.


**Describe an ideal house you wanted to live in**

&emsp;&emsp;An ideal house that I would like to talk about is the country house I visited last month. It is in the countryside around Yangzhou where there is a beautiful scene.

&emsp;&emsp;It is a big house of two floors. There's a beautiful garden, which has multicolored flowers and chairs in the shade of the trees. There's a downstairs dining room in the house. And there is also a parlor on the first floor. Bedroom is upstairs. 

&emsp;&emsp;Then it comes to the most important part in the house--the study room. There are two of them, one is downstairs, and the other is upstairs. Both of them have big picture windows, so that I could see the garden while I am working. 

&emsp;&emsp;The reason why I love this house is that the environment there is very quiet, which makes me feel very relaxed. I always imagine: every morning,I start my work in one of my study rooms, in front of the desk, which is just opposite the big picture window. I believe that will be the perfect moment in my life.

**Describe an interesting city in China**

&emsp;&emsp;The interesting part I am going to tell you is Chongqing.It is located in the southwest of China and surrounded by a lot of mountains.

&emsp;&emsp;I knew this place from my textbooks，but just its name and location.I did not know what it actually looks like until quite recently because a lot of people take videos of this place and post it on Douyin，a very popular short video application.

&emsp;&emsp;The city is famous for two things，its food and landscape.Hotpot is the representative food of this city，which is hot and spicy.If you are not familiar with the taste，you may not be able to feel your tongues and lips when you take the first bite.But a huge number of people are crazy about it.Some even fly there to have a dinner.The city's landscape is also unique.As it is built on the mountains，something interesting happens.Usually，we step out of a building on the ground floor.But here，you can also leave the building on the fifth floor or even ninth floor.

&emsp;&emsp;Its food and landscape make it an interesting-place and I believe they are also the reasons why so many people post videos about it.

**Describe an indoor or outdoor place where it was easy for you to study**

&emsp;&emsp;The place that I find easy to study is the library in my university.It is a huge building with 5 floors，which was completed several years ago.As it is located right in the center of the campus，no matter where you are，you can get there quite easily.

&emsp;&emsp;I go there whenever I do not have a class，usually every evening，but sometimes also in the afternoon.What I study there depends on the assignments of courses.If I have finished all of them，I will randomly pick a book from the shelf and start reading.

&emsp;&emsp;I usually go to the library by myself，because I believe study is quite a personal thing.I do not like to talk with others when I am in the library.Instead，I prefer sitting there and just doing my own work.But before the math exam，I would go there with my best friend，because I need his help to do the review.

&emsp;&emsp;The library is a perfect place for study. Firstly, it is very quiet. People consciously keep their voice down and slow their pace. There is no one to interrupt me. Secondly, it has a unique atmosphere. With thousands of books around,I feel I am already smarter.

4.13的考试难度和4.6基本一致，题目的重点方向也基本一致；大家就按旧题-经典题-新题的顺序来备考就好啦。
