---
layout:     post
title:      2019-05-27-（5-8月）雅思口语part2话题卡
subtitle:   事件类
date:       2019-05-27
author:     DL
header-img: img/home-bg-o.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 雅思
---

### 1. Describe a time you taught something new to a younger person

**（1）When**

&emsp;&emsp;The experience I am going to tell you happened during last summer vacation.I returned from the university and had nothing to do at home.I was bored to death and desperately wanted to find something to occupy my endless free time.

**（2）What, who and why**

&emsp;&emsp;Then，my little brother，a boy who just entered secondary school，became interested in badminton after watching some matches played by Lindan，the best badminton player aroundthe world，and wanted to learn.Since I had received professional badminton training，this article is from laokaoya websie，I thought maybe I could teach him.In this way，he could save the money to employ a coach and I got a good way to kill the time.It was a win-win situation.

&emsp;&emsp;We bought a racket and found a badminton court near his home.Everything was ready.Every morning at 8o'clock，we met at the court and began our training session.I showed him how to move his feet，aim at the shuttlecock and swing the racket.He was very talented and progressed pretty fast.After a month，he could play several rounds with me.

**（3）How**

&emsp;&emsp;I really like this teaching experience.It enhanced our relationship.We are much closer after that.Meanwhile，I obtain a sense of achievement from his progress.

---

### 2. Describe a time you received horrible service

**（1）When, where, who and what**

&emsp;&emsp;A time I received horrible service was actually from a property agent in Yangzhou.

&emsp;&emsp;It happened on a weekend last month at my rental apartment.I remember that it was raining that day and I was busy working in my laboratory as usual.When I got home from work，my room was like a disaster，you know a lot of water leaked in from the window and the ceiling.I asked my roommate about what was happened and he told me that it was probably because the ceiling had a fissure that let the rain water come in.He also told me that he had called the agent but there's was nobody coming to fix it.

&emsp;&emsp;So，I dialed the number of the agent again and was told that they had already arranged a professional and promised me to solve this problem.My roommate and I thought this time this matter would be done soon，but they disappointed us again.This article is from Laokaoya website.Nobody showed up the following days.What's quite annoying for us was that it keptraining cats and dogs for many days，which was normal in summer Beijing，but we had nothing to do except for waiting.

&emsp;&emsp;Later on，we've found that it's because the repairing professional was quite busy to take the job，and the property agent still wanted to make some profits between us，so they gave a false promise to put it off.

**（2）why**

&emsp;&emsp;The reason why I think the service from the property agent was horrible was that the agent was acting so unprofessionally，you know，they should have informed us of the real situation so that we could reduce the cost to the minimum.

---

### 3. Describe a time when you looked for information from the internet

**(1)When**

&emsp;&emsp;Well, as far as I can remember, the last time I looked for information online was when I prepared for my trip to Chongqing. I went to Chongqing for vacation last month, so I had to plan everything prior to my upcoming trip so I would not be disoriented when I got there.

**(2)What**

&emsp;&emsp;The information I looked for was our accommodation choices, good food, tourist attractions and safety information in Chongqing. All of those information was of vital importance to prepare for a wonderful traveling experience.

&emsp;&emsp;I used Google to search the information coz the results are more reliable and various than other search engines. Also, I found a lot of information on Xiecheng, a major tourism-related website that provides tips and suggestions for international travelers.

**(3)How**

&emsp;&emsp;As for how I felt about it, it was really convenient for me to find what I need without leaving my house. I could know a lot of things about Chongqing while searching for information to prepare for my trip. I was very grateful that I could get assess to the Internet, which made me feel really confident and well-prepared for my trip.

---

### 4. Describe a success your friend has achieved

**（1）Who**

&emsp;&emsp;I would like to talk about my friend Zhenghao，who is two year younger than me and is my fellow student in the college.We knew each other from a school association on campus.

**（2）What success**

&emsp;&emsp;His most recent success in my memory was that he got an offer from the Fudan，which was a prestigious university in the China.Zhenghao was the most hardworking person I have met in school.

**（3）What did**

&emsp;&emsp;I remember when we were organizing different activities like school's speech competition，knowledge contest and so on，he was one of the most passionate members.What made me feel quite impressed about him was his 100 percent determination and execution.No matter what idea has been made，he's always the pioneer to do it.Even though those activities took up a lot of his time，he was still a straight-A student in his grade，which made me so jealous.

&emsp;&emsp;Well,I don't think his successful application to this well-known university in the China is just luck. It's the large amount of effort and time he put behind the scenes to make things happen step by step that made him achieve this success. He is truly a man that I admire.

---

### 5. Describe a time that someone didn' t tell you the whole truth about something

**（1）When**

&emsp;&emsp;The time that I almost got tricked was the time my cousin tried to fool me. Last year I had a short stay with my relatives so I had to take care of their 9-year-old son Zhenghao when they’re not around. 

**（2）What and who**

&emsp;&emsp;Zhenghao is a very energetic boy who is constantly shouting. Everyday after I picked him up from school he would refuse to do his homework and it’s quite a headache for me.One night he stayed up late and kept on screaming so I allowed him to eat some ice cream before bed. Then the other morning he told me he’s got a heavy stomachache and claimed it was because of the ice cream. 

**（3）Why**

&emsp;&emsp;At ﬁrst I was really worried— I checked his temperature it looked normal, but he looked quite painful so I decided to take him to the hospital to be sure. After the doctor examined him and found nothing, I realized this little devil was trying to fool me…so I told him the doctor had to give him a further examination by putting a long thick tube inside him, and that’s going to be painful for many days. Of course he was intimidated by the idea then told me the truth he was faking it. 

&emsp;&emsp;I think his motivations to do that was pretty simple, he just didn’t want to go to school. He would rather spend the day in house and playing video game…maybe he thought I’m weaker to him than his parents so he might get away from it. But unfortunately he failed. 

---

### 6. Describe a time that you had to change your plan or change your mind

**(1)When**

&emsp;&emsp;The thing that I had to change my plan happened in my senior high school.Back then I was faced with the problem of the division of arts and sciences.According to the Chinese educational system，everyone had to choose one as his or her major and this would affect the subjects he or she took in the university entrance exam. At that time, I was interested in arts, so wanted to chose to study geography，politics，and history.

**(2)What made you change and new plan**

&emsp;&emsp;However, I was still so confused and did not know which one is better，so I went to my teacher and asked for her advice.As I was good at all the subjects，she suggested me to choose the sciences.She said that at this stage of my life，I would not know what I wanted to do in the future.If I had chosen the sciences，I could still change into arts degrees in the university.But if I had chosen the arts，it would almost be impossible to study the sciences because of the lack of background knowledge.I thought her words did make a sense and followed her advice.

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;It turned out that I had made a good decision. When I chose the universities and majors after the exam,I could choose almost whatever I want.I am really grateful to my teacher.

---

### 7. Describe a party that you joined

**(1)What kind, where and when**

&emsp;&emsp;The most memorable party in my life should be the party that we held last year. It was held to celebrate our reunion after we went to university. And It was held in my friend’s home. A lot of my high school classmates attended the party. I arrived at my classmate's home very early to help him prepare the dinner.

&emsp;&emsp;Since most of us hadn’t seen each other for nearly four years after our graduation from the high school, we were really excited to know each other’s status quo.

&emsp;&emsp;After the meal, we played cards, sang songs, and chatted with each other to exchange our wonderful experiences and so on. Later, we went to KTV to sing songs. We were screaming and laughing, and a lot of us got drunk. 

**(2)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;It was really awesome, and we made a decision to have that kind of get-together every half a year.

---

### 8. Describe a time you enjoyed your free time

**（1）When and where**

&emsp;&emsp;A time I enjoyed my free time was in Chongqing，a city located in the southwest of China and surrounded by mountains. My girlfriend and I went to Chongqing for a trip last month. It's quite far from here，and I remember it took us around 10 hours to get to there，which made me exhausted.But the moment I got out of the train，I felt a sense of relief. Maybe it's because I needed some fresh air at that time，or it's the nice taxi driver that made me feel so.

**（2）What did**

The city is famous for two things，its food and landscape.Hotpot is the representative of the citys food，which is hot and spicy. So the first day we didn't visit some big scenic spots there but just toured around the area where we were staying and had a hotpot.The city's landscape is also unique, so the followings days were quite exciting. We visited the sanxia，and the hongyadong，which were all my favorites.


**(3)feel**

&emsp;&emsp;You know，I was quite into this place，not only because the trip to Chongqing gave me a chance to escape from my work and life，but also was a precious opportunity for me to get to experience an interesting culture there.

&emsp;&emsp;I wish I could have had more free time to stay in this place！

---

### 9. Describe a situation when you don't have enough time

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;Something I desire to do but don't have time to do is snorkeling.

**（2）How difficult**

&emsp;&emsp;Snorkeling is kind of a practice for real swimming in the sea, and it is a kind of dangerous sport to newbies. Before snorkeling , you need to accept a training course in a small swimming pool to conquer the fear. You would be equipped with a kind of diving mask with a long tube that enables you to breathe the air in the water.You need to practice every single step time and time again , and it would take you alomost three hours.

**（3）Why**

&emsp;&emsp;One of the biggest reasons why I want to learn the snorkeling is that I hope one day I could join with my friend Zhenghao who is a snorkeling lover so that we could have more adventures in the sea.Plus，I am quite into sea creatures，which are the cuties animals to me.

**（4）Why**

&emsp;&emsp;You know，right now I'm concentrating on my own studies in school，and it's about one more year to finish.At least，in this coming school year，I wouldn't be able to make this little dream come true.But，hopefully，I could go to Thailand to learn that training course after my graduation.

---

### 10. Describe an occasion when you got up early

**（1）What, when and why**

&emsp;&emsp;I’d like to talk about the experience when I had to get up super early to catch the bus. It happened during my final year of university when I got a paid job as an waiter at a restaurant.

&emsp;&emsp;On the first day of my job, I had to get up at 5 o'clock in the morning considering that the workplace was 1 hour away from my school by bus.
Moreover, there were so many traffic congestions during the rush hours, which had seriously pissed me off a lot of times before. Therefore, I decided to wake up relatively early to take the first bus to work.

**（1）Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;I was a night owl, not an early bird. In most days, I was normally up at around 7 o’clock, so getting up at 5 was a pretty big change to the routine.  I actually set two alarms just to make sure that I wouldn’t sleep in and get late. But strangely enough, I woke up by myself, completely naturally, just before the alarm’s about to go off!

&emsp;&emsp;As for how I felt about getting up early, I was that excited! 
I wasn’t really feeling that tired at all, because I was so looking forward to the first day of the paid job. Also, it was quite a nice feeling getting up before dawn because the surrounding was quiet and peaceful, and the roads were virtually empty, which made a nice change!

---

### 11. Describe a time when you solved a problem through the internet

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;A time I managed to handle a problem through the Internet was in this month while I was preparing my final.

&emsp;&emsp;I was enrolled in a course called Python，which was about programming, our teacher was strict with us and gave us lots of assignments to finish. You know，those assignments were not easy at all and often needed quite a while to finish.

&emsp;&emsp;I remember there's a problem that made me stuck for hours.I was supposed to design a mini calculator.I was about to finish it after three hours of hard work.But the thing was that my finished piece was somehow not effective in making the calculator work.I checked all the lines of code and didn't find anything wrong.You know，at that time, I felt a little bit annoyed, and didn't know what to do.

**（2）How solve**

&emsp;&emsp;I called my classmate Zhenghao，and he suggested me to search for the solution on Github，which was a platform for programmers.I opened this website and posted a question regarding this issue.To my surprise，I got a response in 15 minutes and I was told that the problem would probably be the Chinese language translation issue(UTF-8).All I needed to do was to insert an additional line of code to run it.You know I ended up solving this question in just half an hour！

**（3）How feel**

&emsp;&emsp;I felt so grateful that I was able to tackle this problem with the help of the Internet.I would definitely seek help from this website if I had more questions in the future.

---

### 12. Describe an occasion when you invite your family or friends to dinner

**（1）When**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，an occasion when I invited my friends to have dinner was actually the day I graduated from college.I remember that was a graduation season of my college school life.My family invited nearly all close relatives，friends and of course my classmates to have dinner on that day.

**（2）Where**

&emsp;&emsp;Initially，we planned to cook for them at home.But，as the number of guests was getting larger，we felt it was a bit difficult to hold all of them in our small apartment，not to mention the heavy work of cooking.So，we chose a four-star restaurant，which was not that luxurious but very decent in our city，to treat them.

**（3）Why**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，the reason why my parents and I invited them was that we wanted them to share the joyfulness of both my graduation from my university and the acceptance to an ideal university to continue my study.You know，after that summer，I would officially become an postgraduate student！

**（4）Felt**

&emsp;&emsp;I felt truly grateful for my parents who helped me organize this big dinner，and also felt thankful that my friends could come to celebrate this dinner event.

---

### 13. Describe an experience that you received a call from someone you don't know in the public place

**（1）When and where**

&emsp;&emsp;I had many times like this，but an impressive experience that I got a call from a stranger in the public place was about an advertisement.

&emsp;&emsp;It was on a summer day of my university.I remember I got this phone call right after I had my biology class.I was just in classon and my phone was vibrating，you know we were not supposed to have a phone call in class.I just turned it into a mute mode and walked into a‘safe'place，which was a stinky toilet cube，to pick up the call.You know what，I completely had no clue about what the man on the other side was talking，and he didn't seem to listen to my request for clarification，but just kept talking.It took me like three minutes to know that he was actually selling a kind of medicine for students.

**（2）What and feel**

&emsp;&emsp;You know I was pretty impatient at that time.The reason why I was acting like that was that he，at least as a professional ad promoter，should tell me the basic information about who he was，instead of being so aggressive in selling his product.

&emsp;&emsp;Also，I was unhappy about the fact that my personal contact was disclosed to the strangers.

---

### 14. Describe a time you heard a stranger talking on the phone in the public place

**（1）where and When**

&emsp;&emsp;Ok, usually I don't prefer to listen to someone else talk because it could be private, and seems rude. However, a few days before, I heard a person talking with his wife, unintentionally I heard him because he was talking loudly at a public place.

**（2）What**

&emsp;&emsp;As he was talking in the same language as mine. I could understand each and every word of their conversation. From their communication, this person wanted to save the marriage with his wife, but they had been arguing in 20 minutes.

&emsp;&emsp;He was trying to give an explanation on his mistake he made last time. The mistake was something related to he and his ex-girlfriend. His wife seemed to be unconvinced, even though he had accepted his wrong doing and apologized for the same.

**（3）Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;To sum up, I think I shouldn't have listened to their communication because we are not respecting other people's private life and we must respect their privacy. Hopefully, in the future, I wouldn't involve in such an incident.

---

### 15. Describe an unusual experience of traveling

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;Well,I would like to talk about an unusual traveling experience in Thailand. The most impressive one to me, to some extent, was an outdoor sport. At that place, I experienced snorkeling for the first time, which was so amazing and so great.

**（2）When and who**

&emsp;&emsp;I remember it was the time after graduation that I went to Phuket Island in Thailand with my classmates for vocation.

&emsp;&emsp;It is kind of a practice for real swimming in the sea and I got to know about this sport from our tour guide. In order to make sure that everyone of us could swim in the sea and nobody would accidentally get injured because of lack of practice，our tour guide gave us a roughly two-hour training in a huge swimming pool on that small island.

**（3）How**

&emsp;&emsp;To snorkel，you have to be equipped with a kind of diving mask with a long tube that enables you to breathe the air in the water.Honestly，I was a little scared because I seldom swam before，not to mention diving in the water just with a help of a tube.You know，my tour guide was extremely nice.He helped me conquer the fear by teaching me how to snorkel step by step.Then，I followed his advice to practice every single step time and time again.It took me almost the entire two hours to master it.I felt it's really worthwhile and I really appreciate his guidance.

**（4）Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，the reason why I think this experience is unusual is that it is quite memorable.I think snorkeling was not that really hard after I learned how to let go our inner fear.From that on，snorkeling has been one of my favorite outdoor sports in my life.

---

### 16. Describe an occasion when you got incorrect information

&emsp;&emsp;Actually, about two months ago I was travelling to Shenzhen with my friend and we were due to take a morning flight around 10 o' clock or something like that. 

&emsp;&emsp;Anyway we were all packed and ready to go (and of course we were quite excited as you can imagine – because we were travelling without our parents), when we arrived at the airport we couldn’t find our flight anywhere on the departures screen, so we double checked and still couldn’t find it anywhere, in the end we went to the information desk and they told us that our flight had been changed to 8am (we’d already missed it).

&emsp;&emsp;As you can guess we were at first quite shocked and then pretty angry. The airline claimed that they had sent out messages informing all passengers of the time change – but we hadn’t received any notification. 

&emsp;&emsp;In the end we got the hold of the duty manager and luckily he was quite sympathetic, we were put on a later flight for no extra charge so everything worked out alright in the end.

---

### 17. Describe a time that you give advice to others

**(1)When**

&emsp;&emsp;I am going to tell you an important advice that I gave to my cousin Zhenghao. Back then Zhenghao was faced with the problem of the division of arts and sciences in his senior high school.According to the Chinese educational system，everyone had to choose one as his or her major and this would affect the subjects he or she took in the university entrance exam.If you choose the sciences，you need to study physics，chemistry，and biology，and if you choose the arts，you need to study geography，politics，and history.

**(2)Who and what decision**

&emsp;&emsp;My cousin was so confused and did not know which one is better，so he came to me and asked for my advice.As Zhenghao was good at all the subjects，I suggested him to choose the sciences.I remember I said to him "At this stage of my life，you would not know what you wanted to do in the future.If you had chosen the sciences，you could still change into arts degrees in the university.But if you had chosen the arts，it would almost be impossible to study the sciences because of the lack of background knowledge." I thought my words did make a sense  coz he followed my advice finally.

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;It turned out that I had made a good advice. When my cousin chose the universities and majors after the exam, he could choose almost whatever he want.He was really grateful to me and I am also very happy to give him such a great advice.

---

### 18. Describe a water sport you would like to try in the future

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;One of the water sports I would like to try is snorkeling.

**（2）When and who**

&emsp;&emsp;I remember it was the time after graduation that I went to Phuket Island in Thailand with my classmates for vocation. The first time I got to know about this sport was from our tour guide. I remember it was in the summer, my classmates and I went to Phuket Island for vocation.

&emsp;&emsp;You know, snorkeling is kind of a practice for real swimming in the sea. In order to make sure that everyone could swim in the sea and nobody would accidentally get injured because of lack of practice，we must take a roughly two-hour training in a huge swimming pool on that small island. Swimming coach would help us conquer the fear by teaching us how to snorkel step by step.Then，We should follow his advice to practice every single step time and time again.It would take us almost the entire two hours to master it.

**（3）How**

&emsp;&emsp;You now, to snorkel，you have to be equipped with a kind of diving mask with a long tube that enables you to breathe the air in the water.Honestly，I was a little scared because I seldom swam before，not to mention diving in the water just with a help of a tube. But one of the biggest reasons why I want to learn the snorkeling is that I hope one day I could join with my friend Zhenghao who is a snorkeling lover so that we could have more adventures in the sea. Plus，I am quite into sea creatures，which are the cuties animals to me.
**（4）Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，I think snorkeling is one of the water sports I would like to try, hopefully，I could go to Thailand to try this sport after my graduation.

---

### 19. Describe an experience that you went out with your friends and had a good time

**（1）What**

&emsp;&emsp;One of the outdoor sports I played with my friends for the first time was snorkeling when I was abroad for traveling.

**（2）When and who**

&emsp;&emsp;I remember it was the time after graduation that I went to Phuket Island in Thailand with my friend Zhenghao for vocation. I got to know about this sport from our tour guide.

&emsp;&emsp;Snorkeling is kind of a practice for real swimming in the sea.In order to make sure that everyone of us could swim in the sea and nobody would accidentally get injured because of lack of practice，our tour guide gave us a roughly two-hour training in a huge swimming pool on that small island.

**（3）How**

&emsp;&emsp;To snorkel，you have to be equipped with a kind of diving mask with a long tube that enables you to breathe the air in the water.Honestly，Zhenghao and  were both a little scared because we seldom swam before，not to mention diving in the water just with a help of a tube.You know，my tour guide was extremely nice.He helped us conquer the fear by teaching us how to snorkel step by step.Then，we followed his advice to practice every single step time and time again.It took us almost the entire two hours to master it. But I felt it's really worthwhile and I really appreciate his guidance.

**（4）Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;Well，We all think snorkeling was not that really hard after we learned how to let go our inner fear.From that on，snorkeling has been one of the favorite outdoor sports both for Zhenghao and me. We felt we had a quality time there.

---

### 20. Describe an experience that the vehicle you took broke down during your travel

&emsp;&emsp;I’d like to tell you about the experience that the car broke down on the high way during my family trip.

&emsp;&emsp;Last winter vacation my family decided to spend the time in Sanya island, we wanted the holiday to be special so we chose to go on a road trip instead of ﬂying there. We were supposed to check the tires before we go, but we were running out of time so we just set off quickly. Unfortunately, after a few hours drive, we accidentally hit a rock and blew one tire.

&emsp;&emsp;Then my father called the pickup truck, and we waited in a safe zone for a few hours. To be honest, when I ﬁrst heard the blast I was shocked and panicked. The sound was so loud, I didn’t know what happened and we were driving really fast, it felt really dangerous as if the car hit a bomb or something. I remember I was screaming at the top of my lungs. 

&emsp;&emsp;After my dad pulled over we realized it was because of the ﬂat tire. I guess that’s a lesson learned there—always check your car before the road trip! That could be dangerous to everyone driving on the road. 
