---
layout:     post
title:      2019-03-25-雅思口语part2话题卡
subtitle:   物品类
date:       2019-03-25
author:     DL
header-img: img/home-bg-o.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 雅思
---

### 1. Describe a language you want to learn(not English)

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;A language I would like to learn would be French.

**(2)How and where**

&emsp;&emsp;I would like the lessons to be taught in my home and the lessons would be face-to-face communication.I would like the teacher to just let me speak，bringing up topics which are interesting.I hope he could work on my pronunciation of individual words and sentences.
Also，I need a tutor who would force me to learn many words and expressions in French.Perhaps give me a test in each class.I hope he would also have made special textbooks for me to study.I would like this tutor to be strict，but I don't want the tutor to discourage me，soI hope that he's skilled at the art of encouragement and motivation.

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;I want to live and work in Paris in the future. So, this skill is so obviously important to me because it means everything to my career, and there's no doubt that being fluent would make my opportunities grow. Besides that,I would feel satisfaction being fluent in French, almost as if I had reached heaven.

### 2. Describe a good law in your country

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;Like in most countries, in China there’s the trafﬁc law, the newly updated version brought bigger beneﬁts to the society. The new trafﬁc law was adapted last year, I think…which gives harsher punishment to people who does drunken driving—their license will be revoked immediately, and they could even face criminal charges. 

**(2)How**

&emsp;&emsp;I knew about this law was because I have been preparing for the driving license test. 

**(3)Who it affects**

&emsp;&emsp;I think anyone living in China can be affected by this law, not only the drivers but also the pedestrians on the roads.  

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The biggest reason that I would consider this law to be a beneﬁcial one is that it sends out a clear message that DUI is intolerable in China. I remember in the past before the law wasn’t so complete there were people take chances on after they drink. It caused numerous amounts of trafﬁc accidents every year. I think this behavior was quite irresponsible both to themselves and to other people.

&emsp;&emsp;The other positive change is that the police force that has been sent on catching DUIs were increased signiﬁcantly. Every nights there’re police checking on main roads, intercept people for alcohol tests. I guess this action intimidates drunk drivers as well. 

### 3. Describe the last book you read

**(1)What type**

&emsp;&emsp;The book I am going to tell you is called"The Three-body problem".It is science fiction written by Liu cixin，who is a famous writer in China.The book was published in 2006 and won the science fiction achievement award.


**(2)What was**

&emsp;&emsp;The story happened between the earth and an alien civilization called the three-body.This article is from Laokaoya website.Do not copy or repost it.Unlike the typical American movie where the alien suddenly invaded the earth and the earth army fought back，the three-body blocked the earth's scientific progress and sponsored a group of people who welcomed them.In the end，a person found something that could threaten the alien's survival and they agreed to coexist with the human on earth.

**(3)Where read**

&emsp;&emsp;I read this book on my way home.It was a long train journey which took 25 hours.To avoid being bored，I bought this book at the train station and finished it on the train.

**(4)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;After reading this book，my feelings are quite complicated.I am glad that the two civilizations finally accept each other and live peacefully on earth.But this is under the condition of mutually assured destruction.I cannot imagine what would happen if one side finds a solution to the other's threat.


### 4. Describe an interesting talk or lecture

**(1)When and where**

&emsp;&emsp;I am going to talk about an interesting lecture that I heard 5 years ago.It is still vivid in my mind.Back then I was eager to improve my English and my teacher recommended a lot of materials and websites，which might be useful.One of them is TED，a website where various people share their experience，research，and knowledge.Its motto is"ideas worth spreading".

**(2)What**

&emsp;&emsp;I spent a great deal of time on it.Every day，I browsed through hundreds of lectures，trying to find something that aroused my interest.Then I found one lecture that ranked first at the list of the most played.

&emsp;&emsp;It is about how people's attention works.Every day，our brain receives enormous information，most of which is useless.So during the process of evolution，our brain has gradually developed a filter mechanism.It rules out a lot of things unconsciously so that we can focus on a specific issue.However，the drawback of this mechanism is that it disables us from doing two things at the same time.

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The interesting-thing about this lecture is that the-lecturer illustrates this by showing how picking pocket works.Through distracting people and making them focus on what he is saying，he takes belongings from them without being noticed.It was amazing.


### 5. Describe something given to you that you really need

**(1)What, who and why**

&emsp;&emsp;I borrowed a Sony Playstation 4 from my friend Zhenghao on my birthday. That day I was about to throw a birthday party at my house, one thing got my friends excited about was to come and play the PS4 game which named Call Of Duty. However I discovered my xbox was not working! I tried restart it for many times it wouldn’t turn on. 

&emsp;&emsp;So I had to call my friend Zhenghao to borrow his set. Zhenghao just bought a newest version of PS4, named Playstation 4 pro, so I asked help from him. We played a lot of PS4 games that night, and after the party I returned it back on time. 

**(2)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;I was quite grateful to Zhenghao because he saved my day. I think he’s such a good friend to me. 


### 6. Describe a historical period that you are interested in

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;The historical period that I found particularly interesting is the Opium War, it’s also called the trade war. 

**(2)How know**

&emsp;&emsp;I learned about this history in high school, it’s part of the contemporary Chinese history course. Few years later I also watched a documentary about this war so it actually intrigued my interests in this period of time.

**(3)What happened**

&emsp;&emsp;The period of history happened in the mid-19th century, the fight was between the Qing government and the British. Basically, the British forced to open Chinese trade market by smuggling opiums in, and started war afterwards. It didn’t end well for the Qing’s government—they signed up treaties to sell lands (gave Hong Kong the UK); people got addicted into smoking opiums, and the economy status of China had fallen far behind. 

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;In the future I think I’d like to know more about this history, especially in how the British view this period. Coz I think history should be independent and non-biased, so I quite like to see it from a British viewpoint that how would they evaluate the war. 
Also if possible I’d like to go see the opium war museum in Guangdong. To see the canons that’s been used in the war, and to pay tribute to the hero that contributed to the country. 

### 7. Describe a skill that took you a long time to learn

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;The skill that I going to tell you is roller skating.It is a form of recreational activity as well as a sport.Basically，-it is traveling on surfaces with roller skates.It is now quite popular.You can see many children practicing it in front of shopping malls，at squares or even on the streets.

**(2)When and why**

&emsp;&emsp;I first saw it on TV when I was in the secondary school and was attracted.I begged my father to buy me one.When the pair of shoes arrived，I could not wait to put them on.It was much harder than I thought.I could not even stand steadily without holding something and put my whole weight on it.As long as I let it go，I fell，sometimes forward，sometimes backward.It really hurt.

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;But I did not give up.I found a quiet narrow street with few people passing by.I leaned on the walls and moved my feet very carefully and slowly.One step，two steps.I was so happy.But the moment I got rid of the wall，I fell again.I practiced from day to day and observed the movements of professional players and tried to imitate them.After three months'hard training，I finally mastered this skill.

### 8. Describe an important plant in your country

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;Speaking of a kind of plant in my country, I would like to tell you about the winter blossom. 

**(2)What looks like**

&emsp;&emsp;Basically it’s a kind of ﬂower that comes out only during the winter time, while everything else looks dull and depressed. Winter blossom trees are not very tall, I would say it’s the similar size of a cherry blossom trees. The colour of this ﬂower is much lighter, usually is in white and baby pink. When you stay closer you can smell the refreshing fragrance. 

**(3)Where**

&emsp;&emsp;I remember when I was a student, our school had a big garden with many winter blossom trees. So during the winter time students and local residents would come here and taking photos.

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The reason that I really like this kinds of plant is because of its special meanings..In China, winter blossoms are considered as a symbol of ﬁrmness and perseverance. As it comes out at the winter time while other plants can’t ﬁght the cold temperature. I guess that’s also the reason that our school planted this ﬂower.. just to encourage us to be tough and strong. 

&emsp;&emsp;Another reason is that this ﬂower is peaceful to look at. The delicate petal and the fragrance would remind you of an elegant and gentle lady. In ancient China many poets has written great pieces to appreciate its appearance.

### 9. Describe a film or TV program that made you laugh

**(1)What**

&emsp;&emsp;A TV program that made me laugh was a new talk show that went viral in China, it’s called the 80s talk show. Basically, this show invites a comedian and do live stand ups every episode. Those comedians quite young and all the subjects are developed around people who are born at the 80s. So it’s called the 80s talks how. 

**(2)When and who**

&emsp;&emsp;I watch it on TV every Friday night with my family, it’s a good moment for us to relax. This show comes on only once per week, though I know they have produced several episodes. 

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;What made me laugh is the humorous language style. The comedians come from different background--like computer engineers, writers, teachers and all sorts.They talk insider jokes so it’s also new and special.

### 10. Describe a time that a piece of equipment of yours was broken(such as TV)

**(1)What, when and why**

&emsp;&emsp;I really want to say something about my Sony Playstation 4, which is different from the computer. This machine is designed for some big 

I borrowed a Sony Playstation 4 from my friend Zhenghao on my birthday. That day I was about to open a birthday party at my house, one thing got my friends excited about was to come and play the PS4 game which named Call Of Duty. However I discovered my PS4 was not working! I tried restart it for many times, but it wouldn’t turn on. 

**(2)who and what did**

&emsp;&emsp;So I had to call my friend Zhenghao to borrow his set. Zhenghao just bought a newest version of PS4, named Playstation 4 pro, so I asked help from him. We played a lot of PS4 games that night, and after the party I returned it back on time. 

**(3)Feel**

&emsp;&emsp;I was quite grateful to Zhenghao because he saved my day. I think he’s such a good friend to me. 