---
layout:     post
title:      2019-03-13-雅思口语part2话题卡
subtitle:   地点类
date:       2019-03-13
author:     DL
header-img: img/home-bg-o.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 雅思
---

### 1. Describe an interesting part of your country

**(1)Where**

&emsp;&emsp;The interesting part I am going to tell you is Chongqing.It is located in the southwest of China and surrounded by a lot of mountains.In the past，it is often referred to as the"land of abundance"since it has fertile soil and the mountains keep it from the damage caused by wars.

**(2)How**

&emsp;&emsp;I knew this place from my textbooks，but just its name and location.I did not know what it actually looks like until quite recently because a lot of people take videos of this place and post it on Douyin，a very popular short video application.

**(3)What famous**

&emsp;&emsp;The city is famous for two things，its food and landscape.Hotpot is the representative food of this city，which is hot and spicy.If you are not familiar with the taste，you may not be able to feel your tongues and lips when you take the first bite.But a huge number of people are crazy about it.Some even fly there to have a dinner.The city's landscape is also unique.As it is built on the mountains，something interesting happens.Usually，we step out of a building on the ground floor.But here，you can also leave the building on the 8th floor or even 15th floor.

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;Its food and landscape make it an interesting-place and I believe they are also the reasons why so many people post videos about it.

### 2. Describe an indoor or outdoor place where it was easy for you to study

**(1)Where**

&emsp;&emsp;The place that I find easy to study is the library in my university.It is a huge building with 5 floors，which was completed several years ago.As it is located right in the center of the campus，no matter where you are，you can get there quite easily.

**(2)When and what**

&emsp;&emsp;I go there whenever I do not have a class，usually every evening，but sometimes also in the afternoon.What I study there depends on the assignments of courses.If I have finished all of them，I will randomly pick a book from the shelf and start reading.

**(3)Who go with**

&emsp;&emsp;I usually go to the library by myself，because I believe study is quite a personal thing.I do not like to talk with others or share the feelings after reading a book.Instead，I prefer sitting there and retrospecting the content.But before the math exam，I would go there with my best friend，because I need his help to do the review.

**(4)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;The library is a perfect place for study. Firstly, it is very quiet. People consciously keep their voice down and slow their pace. There is no one to interrupt me. Secondly, it has a unique atmosphere. With thousands of books around,I feel I am already smarter.

### 3. Describe a beautiful city

**(1)Where**

&emsp;&emsp;The interesting part I am going to tell you is Chongqing.It is located in the southwest of China and surrounded by mountains.In the past，it is often referred to as the"land of abundance"since it has fertile soil and the mountains keep it from the damage caused by wars.

**(2)How**

&emsp;&emsp;I knew this place from my textbooks，but just its name and location.I did not know what it actually looks like until quite recently because a lot of people take videos of this place and post it on Douyin，a very popular short video application.

**(3)What famous**

&emsp;&emsp;The city is famous for two things，its food and landscape.Hotpot is the representative of the citys food，which is hot and spicy.If you are not familiar with the taste，you may not be able to feel your tongues and lips when you take the first bite.But a huge number of people are crazy about it.Some even fly there to have a dinner.The city's landscape is also unique.As it is built on the mountains，something interesting happens.Usually，we step out of a building on the ground floor.But here，you can also leave the building on the 8th floor or even 15th floor.

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;Its food and landscape make it an interesting-place and I believe they are also the reasons why so many people post videos about it.

### 4. Describe a place you plan to travel to that is far away from your home

**(1)Where**

&emsp;&emsp;The interesting part I am going to tell you is Chongqing.It is located in the southwest of China and surrounded by mountains.In the past，it is often referred to as the"land of abundance"since it has fertile soil and the mountains keep it from the damage caused by wars.

**(2)How**

&emsp;&emsp;I want to take the train to Chongqing, so that I can enjoy the scenery along the road and even get to know some good friends.

**(3)What do**

&emsp;&emsp;The city is famous for its food. So the thing I want to do most is to eat Chongqing hot pot. Hotpot is the representative of the citys food，which is hot and spicy.If you are not familiar with the taste，you may not beable to feel your tongues and lips when you take the first bite.But I am crazy about it. Once I even wanted to fly there to have a dinner.The city's landscape is also unique.As it is built on the mountains，something interesting happens.So the second thing I want to do is to enjoy the scenery of Chongqing.

**(3)Why**

&emsp;&emsp;Its food and landscape make it an interesting-place and I believe they are the most important reasons why I want to go there.

### 5. Describe an ideal house

**(1)When and where**

&emsp;&emsp;An ideal house that I would like to talk about is the country house I visited last month. It is in the countryside around Yangzhou where there is a beautiful scene.

**(2)What like**

&emsp;&emsp;It is a big house of two floors. There's a beautiful garden, which may have multicolored flowers and chairs in the shade of the trees. There's a downstairs dining room in the house. And there is also a parlor on the first floor. Bedroom is upstairs. 

**(3)Special features**

&emsp;&emsp;Then it comes to the most important part in the house. There are two of them, one is downstairs, and the other is upstairs. Both of them have big picture windows, so that I could see the garden while I am working. 

**(4)Why**

The reason why I love this house is that the environment there is very quiet, which makes me feel very relaxed. I always imagine: every morning,I start my work in one of my studies, in front of the desk, which is just opposite the big picture window. I believe that will be the perfect moment in my life.

